From nv91-asa@nada.kth.se Thu Sep  4 18:06:25 1995
Received: from omega.qmw.ac.uk (omega.qmw.ac.uk [138.37.6.5])
	by mail.nada.kth.se (8.6.10/8.6.10) with SMTP
	id SAA26824 for <nv91-asa@nada.kth.se>;
	Mon, 4 Sep 1995 18:06:22 +0200
Received: from QMWCC2.qmw.ac.uk by omega.qmw.ac.uk with SMTP-DNS (PP) 
          id <15897-0@omega.qmw.ac.uk>; Mon, 4 Sep 1995 17:04:00 +0100
Received: from QMWCC2/MAILQUEUE by qmwcc2.qmw.ac.uk (Mercury 1.13);
          Mon, 4 Sep 95 17:10:07 GMT0BST
Received: from MAILQUEUE by QMWCC2 (Mercury 1.13);
          Mon, 4 Sep 95 17:09:44 GMT0BST
From: "C.THOMAS" <ah4186@qmw.ac.uk>
Organization: Queen Mary and Westfield College
To: ah4186@qmw.ac.uk, nv91-asa@nada.kth.se, atlasher@ix.netcom.com,
        sbabb@comp.uark.edu
Date: Mon, 4 Sep 1995 17:09:34 GMT0BST
Subject: Accessing Virtuals v2.0 - a much better version!!
Priority: normal
X-mailer: Pegasus Mail v3.22
Message-ID: <513B622669@qmwcc2.qmw.ac.uk>
Status: RO
X-Status: 

Hi guys!!

    OK, ignore the last one about accessing Virtuals, that was 
hideously rushed (I was trying to get it done before the computer 
room closed here) and full of cock-ups and incoherent stuff.
    This version's much better. It corrects all the niggly holes in 
the first draft (ie. Agents need to get to Earth via a Gateway, but 
don't need to get to Nexus using it - they can do this from anywhere 
on Earth) and reads a lot better too. Also, the Containment Procedure 
is described at the end, so you know how Containment works now.
    Any comments etc are welcome! Enjoy!
        Consty

=====================================================================
ACCESS TO VIRTUALS AND NEXUS
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

    Access to Virtuals from Nexus is limited. Natural access points 
between Virtuals and Nexus do exist, but these are the only points 
from which the Virtual can be accessed - these are known as PORTALS 
to Continuum Agents, as differentiated from those access points to MC 
Earth which are known as GATEWAYS. 
    Portals appear in fixed locations in both Nexus and the Virtuals. 
Note however that the relative geographic locations of the Portals do 
not have to correspond to their positions in the other plane - 
Portals a few miles apart in a given Virtual may be separated by 
thousands of miles in Nexus. Portals appear in Nexus as shimmering 
brown windows into the other reality, a few metres across - however, 
they cannot be entered without the 'Virtual Travel' procedure, 
described below. Also note that Portals can only be seen in a Virtual 
using Time 1 - they are otherwise invisible on the Virtual side. 
    The most common way to access and leave Virtuals is via the 
'Virtual Travel' Procedure (ie. Rote - the Continuum retains much of 
their Technocratic terminology when dealing with Magick). Nexus 
itself can only be entered via the 'Nexus Entry' Procedure, a 
conjuctional Spirit/Time effect. These Procedures are described 
below:


NEW PROCEDURES: Nexus Entry and Virtual Travel          
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

NEXUS ENTRY                             Spirit 3, Time 3
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

    Nexus Entry allows Agents to enter Nexus directly from any 
location within Main Corridor. Gateways (q.v.) are not required to 
enter or leave Nexus (unlike Portals). Agents always arrive in Nexus 
at the site of one of the two Gateways there - these are constantly 
guarded. 

    [Both Spirit and Time are required since Nexus is surrounded by 
an unusual Gauntlet with both Spirit and Temporal components to it.
Three successes must be rolled to penetrate this Gauntlet at 
difficulty 7].


VIRTUAL TRAVEL          
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Individual Basic:       Time 3, Spirit 3
Individual Targeted:    Correspondence 3, Time 3, Spirit 3
Multiple Basic:         Time 3, Spirit 4
Multiple Targeted:      Correspondence 4, Time 3, Spirit 4

    This Procedure allows the Agent to cross the Temporal Gauntlet 
that separates the Virtuals and Nexus from eachother. This Temporal 
Gauntlet is created as a natural side-effect of the basic Metaversal 
Law of Continuity. It can only be used from Nexus or a Virtual, and 
can only be used by an MC Mage or any Virtual Inhabitant with a 
Temporal Avatar - there is absolutely no effect if anyone else 
attempts it. The Procedure must also be initiated at the site of a 
Portal. There are two main ways this Procedure can be attempted - 
Single or Multiple - both of which are further subdivided into Basic 
and Targeted. Both Individual Procedures (ie. Individual Basic and 
Individual Targeted) only allow the Mage to transport himself, while 
the Multiple Procedures allow the Mage to bring others with him.

    'INDIVIDUAL' PROCEDURES: The Individual Procedures allow the Mage 
to transport only himself and any items carried across the Temporal 
Gauntlet.
    The Individual Basic Procedure (Time 3, Spirit 3) transports the 
Mage across the Temporal Gauntlet. The Mage arrives on the other side 
of the Portal before which the Procedure is used, so should be 
prepared for any unusual climatic conditions at that site (eg. if a 
Portal is in the middle of an ocean in the Virtual, the Agent had 
best be prepared for a wet landing!).
    The Individual Targeted Procedure, which includes Correspondence 
3, is more often used however. While not vital for the Basic 
Procedure to succeed, the Correspondence component makes it vastly 
more convenient - it allows the Agent to arrive at any location on 
the other side of the Portal - not necessarily at the site of the 
Portal. Note however that the Procedure must still be enacted at the 
site of the Portal on the 'departure side'.

    'MULTIPLE' PROCEDURES: The 'Multiple' Procedures are more 
complicated, but allow the Agent to take passengers with him across 
the Temporal Gauntlet. 
    The Multiple Basic Procedure uses a Time 3/Spirit 4 combination 
to weaken the Temporal Gauntlet within a radius of a few metres 
around the Agent, thus allowing any within this area to travel with 
the Mage. As with the Individual Basic Procedure though, the group 
arrive at the site of the Portal on the other side of the Temporal 
Gauntlet.
    The Multiple Targeted Procedure adds a Correspondence 4 
component which allows the group to arrive at any location on the 
other side of the Temporal Gauntlet, not necessarily at the site of 
the Portal there.    


    Regardless of the direction of travel (Virtual to Nexus or vice 
versa), the Temporal Gauntlet of the Virtual must be successfully 
negotiated in order to enter AND leave. The strength of the Temporal 
Gauntlet around a Virtual is determined by its Energy Rating (see the 
Updated Virtual Classification Scheme). 

Virtual's Energy        Successes needed          Difficulty
     rating
       1                       2                       5
       2                       3                       6
       3                       4                       7

       U       Add + 1 to successes needed    Add + 1 to Difficulty


    Thus, to enter Neverland (a 1U Virtual), the Agent must roll 3 
successes for the Procedure at Difficulty 6. The number of successes 
shown above is required to travel through the Portal - travel time 
is instantaneous. A Failure (ie. no successes, or less than the 
required number of successes) means that the Agent cannot enter the 
Portal on this attempt, and must wait an hour for the Portal to 
stabilise fully. A Botch means the Agent has become stuck in the 
Temporal Gauntlet - a very hazardous experience since agents of the 
Darkness often prowl this interface, looking for trapped travellers. 
On a Catastrophic Botch (a result of '1' on all dice), the Agent may 
open a gateway directly to the Darkness instead....

    More often than not, this Procedure is built into a purposely-
made Device - a Virtual Travel Bracelet (described below) - given as 
a matter of course to Field Ops in Nexus. All such Devices have a 
Timepiece [the Continuum's focus for Time] of some sort incorporated 
into them, giving them the appearance of complicated wrist-watches or 
pocket clocks. To enact the Procedure, the Agent adjusts the Bracelet 
while concentrating [meditating - the focus for Correspondence and/or 
Spirit] on the Portal. Remember that all Continuum Agents require 
these foci when attempting this Procedure, since as Technomages they 
cannot ignore their foci until they reach Arete 6.
    Note that this Bracelet is not essential to use the Virtual 
Travel Procedures - the Agent does NOT need to specifically have a 
Travel Bracelet to cross the Temporal Gauntlet. However, he must have 
the necessary Spheres required for the Procedures, and must still use 
the relevant foci.


VIRTUAL TRAVEL BRACELET    ***        Arete 5       Quintessence 15
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Inbuilt Effects:        Sense Portal (Time 1)
                        Sense Timestone (Time 1)
                        Nexus Entry (Spirit 3, Time 3)
                        Individual Targeted Virtual Travel 
                            (Correspondence 3, Time 3, Spirit 3)
                        Multiple Targeted Virtual Travel
                            (Correspondence 4, Time 3, Spirit 4)

    Standard issue among Continuum Agents operating in Nexus and the 
Virtuals, these bracelets allow the Agent to travel across Virtuals. 
Each bracelet allows the Agent to perform the Single and Multiple 
Targeted Virtual Travel procedures (allowing him to take passengers 
if needs be, and arrive at any location at his destination), though 
they still must be performed at the site of the Portal. It also 
allows the Agent to enter Nexus direct from Earth via the 'Nexus 
Entry' Procedure. Additionally, it contains an indicator that shows 
the direction and distance to the nearest Portal - especially useful 
within a Virtual.
    In almost all cases, the bracelet is disguised as a normal watch 
or other easily portable timepiece. This not only makes it less 
conspicuous to Virtual natives, but also provides a free Timepiece 
focus for the Agent. However, it should be remembered that Timepieces 
are Unique Foci, so Agents should look after their Travel Bracelets!

    Every Bracelet also contains a small piece of Timestone. If 
another setting on the bracelet is activated, the direction/distance 
indicator shows the location of the nearest piece of Timestone - this 
is most useful when tracking down other Agents missing in the 
Virtuals. 
    In addition, the settings of each Portal must be recorded in a 
Bracelet. Each bracelet can hold up to 5 Virtual Settings. Thus, an 
Agent may have a Bracelet which has memorised the settings for 
Sauron, Aegypt, Lemuria, Neverland and Lucifer. If he wishes to enter 
another Virtual, he must erase a previous setting and replace it with 
the new one. The settings for new Virtuals are programmed in simply 
by adjusting the Bracelet within a few metres of a Portal to the 
desired Virtual. Note that Agents themselves do not need to memorise 
'settings' for Virtuals, since they can cast the Virtual Travel 
Procedure in person at the Portals. Note that the setting for Nexus 
itself need not be recorded - all Bracelets are capable of returning 
to Nexus (using the inbuilt 'Nexus Entry' Procedure) for free.

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Quarantined Virtuals: The Temporal Gauntlet around Quarantined 
Virtuals (Danger Code Q) have been strengthened by Continuum 
Specialists. The Difficulties to enter or leave these Virtuals is set 
at 9, though the number of successes required remains the same.

Sealed Virtuals: The Temporal Gauntlet around Sealed Virtuals (Danger 
Code Z) has been increased to such an extent that the Difficulty to 
enter or leave them is increased to 15! Additionally, a total of 5 
successes on the Procedure roll must be gained to penetrate - 
otherwise the Seal holds. Thus, only the most powerful magicks can 
penetrate the Seal, and even then a large amount of Quintessence must 
be burned to reduce the difficulty. 
    Most Seals are heavily guarded, and all have magickal monitors 
built into them that can detect attempts to penetrate it and alert 
the guards if a penetration attempt is made (even if it fails). Note 
that the Seal is not broken, even if it is penetrated - those 
leaving the Virtual must again roll 5 successes against difficulty 15 
to leave.

Timestone Exposures: Timestone is a rare glassy, shimmering 
translucent brown rock found in the depths of some mountain ranges in 
Nexus. It appears to be the barest foundation on which Nexus is 
constructed - solid Space-Time. Timestone exposures are unusual in 
that Virtuals can be seen within them - however, the Virtuals 
'behind' the exposure shift randomly. Nevertheless, these Virtuals 
can be entered if the 'Virtual Travel' Procedure is enacted before 
the exposure. Effectively the Timestone exposure becomes a Portal to 
the Virtual it shows.
    On leaving the Virtual, the Mage arrives on Nexus at the site 
of that Virtual's natural Portal. In many cases, the Virtuals shown 
by the exposures are previously undiscovered - thus, the Agent has 
not only to survive the dangers of the Virtual itself, but also 
arrives back in Nexus in an unknown location (since the Portal to the 
Virtual would not have been discovered previously and mapped).


TEMPORAL AVATARS
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
    Those Virtual natives with Temporal Avatars are able to cross 
into Nexus from the Virtual by either accidentally passing through 
the site of the Portal in the Virtual itself (see below) or, if they 
are capable of using magick, they may alternatively chance upon the 
combination of Spheres required for Virtual Travel (see above), 
whereupon they arrive at the site of the Portal to their Virtual on 
Nexus. Upon arrival, special Target Neutralisation Teams are sent to 
either pick them up and introduce them to their expanded world, or to 
'Contain' the new arrivals and return them to their Virtual if they 
are undesirable elements. Occasionally, the Continuum has to hunt 
down and kill a dangerous native who has managed to escape from a 
Sealed Virtual.

    As described earlier, Portals are completely invisible on the side 
of the Virtual - they can be detected only by using Time 1 magick. 
However, on the Virtual side the Portals have an additional unusual 
property - any Virtual inhabitant with a Temporal Avatar who actually 
passes through a Portal at any time will be automatically 'pulled 
through' by the Portal itself, a process known as AUTOENTRY (this is 
rolled as an Individual Basic Virtual Travel Procedure, at Arete 3). 
This is believed to be a reaction between the Portal and the Temporal 
Avatar itself. Note however that those with Temporal Avatars cannot 
simply walk through the Nexus side of the Portal back into their own 
reality - AutoEntry is effectively one-way to them, and they cannot 
return to their Reality unless they use magick. Also note that all 
other Virtual inhabitants (ie. those without Temporal Avatars) are 
subject to AutoEntry, and cannot perceive the Portal at all (even 
with Time 1).
    If a vehicle of some sort touches the Portal, then all those 
within who have a Temporal Avatar can be pulled in (AutoEntry is 
rolled separately for each person). In a Virtual, the vehicle itself 
is never affected however, unless specific Procedures have been used 
to enable it to pass through the Portal (ie. unless it has been 
'enchanted'). Those without Temporal Avatars in the vehicle are still 
unaffected, and just see their comrades vanish without a trace!
    
    *AutoEntry only works from the Virtual that the inhabitant was 
born in*. This effect cannot occur at the sites of any Portals in 
other Virtuals, or on the Nexus side of ANY Portal (even the home 
one). Note also that AutoEntry can fail or even botch, though it will 
occur again if the native passes through the Portal again later.


GATEWAYS AND ACCESSING NEXUS
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
    Nexus is usually accessed from any site on Earth (not just at the 
Gateways) or anywhere else in the Near Umbra by using the 'Nexus 
Entry' [Spirit 3, Time 3] Procedure that allows the Agent to enter 
Nexus directly from anywhere in Main Corridor or its Branches. Agents 
always arrive at the site of one of the Gateways on Nexus, and 
can only LEAVE Nexus from the Gateway site there. The Time component 
to the Procedure is essential, as the Gauntlet around Nexus and the 
Virtuals has an unusual Temporal Resonance to it that defies 
penetration by Spirit magick alone - effectively, this separates it 
from the rest of MC. The Difficulty to penetrate Nexus' hybrid 
Gauntlet is 7, and three successes are needed. In addition, this 
Gauntlet is continually monitored by Continuum Sentries. These are 
Constructs designed to detain (or attack, if they prove hostile) any 
entities entering Nexus without clearance. Anyone entering Nexus from 
any other location in Main Corridor will arrive at the site of one of 
the heavily guarded Gateways near Central Office. Security is 
paramount to the Continuum, both to keep intruders out of the realm, 
and to prevent some of the more dangerous entities that live there 
from escaping....

    The Gateways themselves are natural doorways directly connecting 
Main Corridor to Nexus. Effectively, they are Spirit Wormholes that 
transport objects through the Gauntlets separating them, allowing 
direct passage from one realm to the other to the Non-Awakened. 
Gateways themselves are invisible on Earth, but can be detected there 
with a (Spirit 1 Time 1) conjunctional effect. On Earth, Gateways 
occupy a columnar volume of space a few hundreds of metres across at 
its base and about forty miles high - thus they are very different in 
structure from the two-dimensional Portals. This configuration means 
that they can capture aeroplanes that accidentally cross the Gateway 
(see below).
    Only two Gateways are known to exist on Nexus, both of which 
connect to MC Earth. On Earth, one is situated within what is known 
as the Bermuda Triangle, while the other lies off the coast of Japan, 
in the Devil's Sea - however, access to and from both has been 
restricted by the Continuum in recent years. Both are located a few 
miles from Central Office in Nexus itself. 
    Gateways behave in a similar way to Portals, with one key 
exception - because anyone from MC (even the non-Awakened) can 
potentially access Nexus, AutoEntry can affect everyone that passed 
through the Gateway. Most of the time, the Gateway lies dormant - 
however, when an MC native (ie. Humans, Vampires, Mummies and Garou) 
or a vehicle containing them (such as ships or planes) pass through 
or over the Gateway, it opens and AutoEntry can occur. Gateway 
AutoEntry is rolled as a Sprit 3/Time 3 conjunctional effect at Arete 
3 and Difficulty 6. AutoEntry is applied to the vehicle directly, and 
if successful then the vehicle itself and all those aboard are 
carried into the Gateway. If they survive the rough landing in Nexus 
(the Gateways in Nexus are situated in the dry plains surrounding 
Central Office, so ships are beached and probably holed, while 
aeroplanes suddenly find themselves at ground level where they 
invariably crash at flying speed - a usually fatal experience), any 
survivors find themselves trapped in Nexus, as Gateways (like Portals 
to a Virtual native) are one-way affairs to the Non-Awakened - they 
can only be entered from the Nexus side via Time/Sprit magick. 

    Gateways have an unusual side-effect on Earth - their presence 
(even when dormant) creates some bizarre visual and environmental 
effects, including wildly varying magnetic fields (which affect 
compasses), negative imagery (ie. black appears white, and white 
appears black), strange lights and flashes in the sky, sudden 
lightning flashes, disorientation, dizziness, hallucinations and 
other such effects, all of which combine to make the approach to a 
Gateway a rather terrifying experience. However, these 'special 
effects' around the Gateway are actually completely harmless in 
themselves. Most people caught in the unstable area do panic though, 
and land up either accidentally flying or sailing through the 
invisible Gateway somewhere in the unstable zone itself, or losing 
control of their vessel and crashing it into the sea. Any survivors 
arriving in Nexus through the Gateway are adopted by the Continuum 
and often work as Acolytes. This explains the spate of disappearances 
so often associated with the Bermuda Triangle and the Devil's Sea.

    In recent years however, the Continuum has largely succeeded in 
closing off the Gateways (essentially as a consequence of the 
wreckage that was accumulating on the Nexus side of the Gateways as 
the vessels crashed there, and the fact that the Continuum viewed 
the Gateways as a weak spot in its defences). While the Continuum has 
made a tidy monetary profit from the cargoes of those vessels 
declared lost around the Gateway areas on Earth, it has found that 
the Gateways provide a very easy access point to anyone from MC, even 
their enemies. Much of the wreckage around the Gateways on Nexus has 
been removed - no mean feat considering that some ships that have 
arrived weighed in at several tens of thousands of tons displacement! 
However, the wrecks of the five Navy Avenger bombers of Flight 19 
(which disappeared from Earth in 1945) have been kept in their 
original sites as a memorial to those who lost their lives through 
the Gateway, and to those Continuum Agents who were killed in the 
Perpetual War.

    Nowadays, the two main Gateways are all but closed off. Their 
Gauntlet Difficulty is set at 10, and the unstable zones have now 
been stabilized. However, AutoEntry still occurs - it is just more 
difficult. Additionally, other smaller, more temporary Gateways 
sometimes spontaneously appear in other locations around the world 
where the Gauntlet rating is low - however, these rarely last for 
longer than a few days.


=====================================================================
NEW PROCEDURE:      Temporal Containment     
~~~~~~~~~~~~~       (Prime 5, Spirit 4, Time 1, Mind 4)


    Temporal Containment is the means by which the Continuum prevents
those 'undesirable elements' with Temporal Avatars from entering 
Nexus. Often, these are the Virtual Inhabitants who somehow 
manage to enter Nexus from Quarantined or even Sealed Virtuals, 
though it has been used on others in the past. Containment is however 
treated on a case by case basis, though most are Contained and 
returned to their Virtual otherwise unharmed, having no memory of 
Nexus at all. If any are not Contained, they are always adopted into 
the Continuum, often as informal Continuum spies in their home 
Virtuals.
    Containment is a complex Procedure that blocks the inhabitant's 
Temporal Avatar, preventing it from entering Nexus again by any means 
(even magick). It works by making the Temporal Avatar completely 
opaque to the Temporal Gauntlet. In addition, the memory of how the 
target arrived at Nexus is removed and a permanent mental block is 
set up to prevent him from doing so again. This Mind manipulation 
includes the removal of ever having been Contained in the first 
place. Containment can only be detected by Mages from Main Corridor, 
using a Time 1 Spirit 1 Prime 1 conjunctional effect - Virtual Mages 
cannot detect Containment, and so cannot try to remove it.
    Containment can only be removed by powerful magicks cast by MC 
Mages, but anyone attempting to do so must possess all the Spheres at 
least at the levels used in the Containment (ie. Prime 5, Spirit 4, 
Mind 4, and Time 1) - anything less and the Containment cannot be 
removed. 
    Containment cannot be attempted on an Avatar originating in Main 
Corridor - it is only effective on those originating in a Virtual.


    [Temporal Containment is a very complicated Rote. First, Prime 5 
is used for two purposes - to set up the Containment itself, and to 
actually affect a living Pattern. A conjunctional (Spirit 4, Time 1) 
effect is then applied to render the target's Temporal Avatar totally 
opaque to the Temporal Gauntlet - this prevents him from ever passing 
through the Temporal Gauntlet again. Finally, Mind 4 is used to 
remove all knowledge of Nexus, the Containment itself and how the 
target arrived there. This is cast as a single Rote, often by a group 
of Continuum Specialists. Five successes must be gained between 
those casting the effect to make the effect Permanent, and all must 
possess the required Spheres. 
    The effect can be countered as normal as it is being cast (though 
in most cases the target is rendered unconscious at the time). It can 
only be removed afterwards by an MC Mage possessing the Spheres used 
to cast the Containment - ie. Prime 5, Spirit 4, Mind 4, and Time 1 - 
so he can fully perceive the magick he is attempting to remove. 
Virtual Mages cannot attempt remove Containment themselves, since 
they are unable to perceive the Containment to begin with - an MC 
Mage must do this for them, and no Continuuum Mage will do so unless 
directly contradicting Central Office and risking the wrath of a 
Continuum Tribunal. 

    A Contained Temporal Avatar remains trapped in his home Virtual 
until such time as the Containment is removed. He retains no memory 
of Nexus at all, or of ever having gone there. In addition, a 
subliminal suggestion is implanted that always persuades him away 
from ever trying to enter Nexus again. Contained Avatars can only be 
detected by MC Mages using a conjunctional (Sprit 1, Time 1, Prime 1)
rote.
    Obviously, the Continuum can only Contain those undesirable 
Virtual inhabitants who enter Nexus somehow - these are usually those 
from highly xenophobic, warlike, or otherwise dangerous races. 
Containment is performed in Nexus itself, once the 'undesirable' 
has been captured and Contained, he is then returned to his home 
Virtual (Containment does not prevent Temporal Avatars from LEAVING 
Nexus, only from entering it) by the Continuum, with no memory of his 
experience outside his reality. However, not everyone coming in 
through the Quarantined Portals is undesirable - some for example are 
refugees from the Virtual. These are often adopted for some purpose in 
the Continuum].


---------------------------------------------------------------------
 Constantine Thomas               /    Do redheads have more fun?
 ah4186@qmw.ac.uk                 \   "Dunno. I'm a dyed redhead."
 Space-Doggin' on the Internet!   /               -   Tori Amos
---------------------------------------------------------------------
                           Deny Everything

