Newsgroups: alt.games.whitewolf
From: nimbus@TeleNet.Net (Eric VanDycke)
Subject: Brownstone Chantry ((LONG))
Date: Wed, 31 Jul 1996 00:22:38 GMT
X-Nntp-Posting-Host: shell.telenet.net
X-Newsreader: TIN [version 1.2 PL2]

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=- 
/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/
\/  \/  \/  \/  \/  \/  \/  \/  \/  \/  \/  \/  \/  \/  \/  \/ 
/\  /\  /\  /\  /\  /\  /\  /\  /\  /\  /\  /\  /\  /\  /\  /\ 
\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-  
                     _              __
                    |_)            /  
                    |_)rownstone   \__hantry

                     House of the Grey Tower
                 In the Realm-Garden of Zallamash

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/
\/  \/  \/  \/  \/  \/  \/  \/  \/  \/  \/  \/  \/  \/  \/  \/ 
/\  /\  /\  /\  /\  /\  /\  /\  /\  /\  /\  /\  /\  /\  /\  /\ 
\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-


-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
---                           "Everything has a Beginning"
 | ntroduction                "What about Infinity?"
---                           "It too had to start somewheres"
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

      Within the City of New York lies a place where sanctuary
from outside forces may be found. This place is a home for those
that can have no home. Rouges, Orphans, the Unorthadox, and the
Tainted, call them what you will, they have made a house of power
in the heart of the Big Apple.  This is their story.   

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-  
                          "To Know the Past, is to hold Power"
|_|                       "But we know nothing of this place!"   
| |istory                 "No one said WE had that power"      
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
          
     In the early 1900's a trio of magi (A disgraced Order of
Hermes Master of Spirit, a powerfull orphan and Life Master, and
a recent Technocracy deserter of the new Son Of Ether Tradition)
came across a deserted brownstone house in one of the broughs of
New York City. At once they could feel the power in this old
house. Running from the technocracy, and without a home
themselves, they joined their power together and re-opened the
node that rested, unused beneath the house. Not without problems,
they re-awakened the wellspring of power, and the realm that also
slumbered on the other side of the Horizon. They explored the
realm and the huge grey basalt tower that stood in the center of
it. At the same time, they defended the house from early attacks
by the Sabbat and the Technocracy. One by one, magi, wanderers
like themselves, found their way to the brownstone, and were
quickly welcomed within the halls of the house. Devoted to
knowledge and the ascension of humanity the trio of magi drafted
a covenent that would assure the place as a center for
investigation, refuge, and learning that would accept any
awakened or aware mortal or creature as long as they bring no
harm upon the house. 
     After 20 long years, sometime in the roaring twenties, the
magi of the chantry, at this time numbering 15, worked the
elaborate spell that would shroud the house and later the other
nodes of the chantry in a web of the strongest arcane. Out of
sight and out of mind the magi were soon forgotten by the Sabbat
and the Technocracy. The only supernaturals that they kept in
contact with were the Garou that lived in the Central Park. Lady
Shannon, one of the wanderers that made their way to the house,
after it's founding, was a good friend of the peoples of the
changing skin and helped them found some of their smaller caerns
about the city. 
     Time passed for the magi of the tower, some of them left,
some of them died, others joined. All along they had been
exploring the tower and the sparse little realm that it stood in.
One of the magi of the tower, a cult of esctacy member, who is
now dead, happened across the shell of a burnt out cathederal,
sensing the power that rested within, he found the resources to
purchase it, and began to build the sanctuary club, a nightclub
that would later cater to the supernaturals of the city and the
mortals that gather around them. 
     The club soon was off the ground, and was providing the magi
with money, favors, and tass in the form of red crystals that
clung to the floor beams that stood exposed in the bacement.
After several attacks by the Sabbat and the Technocracy, the magi
again worked the spell of Arcane and covered the bar under it's
mystical cloak. 
     Recently, Vandersae and the other Sons have brought life
back to what was a barren realm, devoid of life save the magi and
their consors. Now the realm has gone through a drastic change,
one that have even brought a sun and a day-night cycle to the
realm. Things have been changing, and will be changing for some
time to come. The Tower that the magi had come to call home in
the barren realm has since turned on them, becoming a dangerous
place. Not knowing what lies in it's depths, Enrico, the head
magi has since ordered all of the magi to stay out of the tower-
realm for the time being and has sealed it off from the now-
garden. 
     Still in the spring season, this realitivly young chantry is
comming into a period of flux that could threaten the destiny of
all that live within the walls of the mystical house. Trechery
will test them, Destiny will guide them, and Time will tell all,
as the secrets of the Grey Tower that sits in the middle of the
Garden come to light.
 





-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
 __                    "Together we stand......."
/                      "......Together we Fall !"
\__abals               "You are a Cynical Bastard, Arn't you!"
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
     
     The Chantry currently has 4 cabals and several lone magi
that claim membership. The Chantry accepts all magi, no matter
what tradition (or lack there of) and supernatural creatures that
wish to bid for sanctuary within it's walls. To gain membership a
magi must prove themselves through a period of testing (done by
the elder cabal or a cabal that they assign to the task) and then
later by a time of "proving" where in they are put through a
gruling mind ritual performed by Caroline (a Mind Master) where
as they are tested on loyalty and honor. Only those that pass are
allowed into the chantry. The ones that fail (and there are very
few) have the knowledge of the chantry wiped from their mind and
dumped in some far off city. 

---

"Watchers of the Horizon" (Ruling and "Founding" Cabal)
This cabal is made up of the three founding members of the
chantry, They hold control over the chantry, and direct it's
actions and development. Although the other members of the
chantry have some say in the chantry, this cabal has by far the
most power. Their duties focus on the running of the chantry, and
the teaching of the other members. They do little fighting,
unless the situation requires them to participate.

Enrico Diaz (Order of Hermes, Master)
     Spokesman for the cabal, he is the real power of the
chantry, both of the other members of the cabal listen to him, as
he has been around. No one knows how old he really is, but some
speculate that he is at least 300 years old. He is youngish
looking, but he carries himself like a crotchety old man. 
It is known most as rumor, that he had a falling out with the
order, and is no longer a member of the esteamed tradition. 
As to what he or they did no one but the other Watchers might
know. He spends all of his time in the realm.

Dr. William Sparks (Son of Ether, Master)
     He is hardly ever seen, usually down in the deeper sections
of the watch-tower in the horizon realm. He is the typical mad-
scientist, always tinkering on some new weird project. Most of
the chantry members have heard the rumors, or have seen part of
the "umbra-ship" that he is working on......Politically, he backs
up Enrico without question. He is very close to Enrico, perhaps
because the Order mage helped him defect from the Technocracy,
after they tried to kill him. They are the closest friends.
He also spends all of his time in the Realm.

Caroline Diaz (Orphan, Master [Life, Prime] )
     Wife of Enrico, she is a powerful orphan that was born with
the gift. Never formally trained, her life magicks range from the
scientific to the fantastic, she has a better understanding of
the world and the human body than most other trained magi. She is
friendly and kind, she is surrounded by animals, pets that she
has created or saved from death, and such. Little is known of her
origins, it is known that she is quite old, older than Enrico or
Sparks. She is the only one out of the three that send any time
on Earth. 

---

Iron Fist Cabal;
     These magi actively fight the technocracy on a day to day
basis, they are waging a war on the pharmacopiest street-labs
that are plaguing the city. They have recently foiled a
Progenitor attempt to dump an anti-mage drug into the municipal
water supply. They keep scantums in the Brownstone house, as it
is closer to the areas that the technocracy has their strongest
grip upon. All of these magi are the survivors from other
chantries or cabals that have had their members killed off or
captured by the Technocracy.

Jimmy Wa (Akasiatic Brotherhood, Leader, Adept)
     Cocky and head-sure he leads the Cabal, he is a powerful    
     warrior and a cunning opponent. Through his guidance, they  
     have become a team, something that has made them one of the 
     best anti-technocracy strike forces that the traditions     
     have.
"The Professor" (Son of Ether, Disciple)
     The professor is a master of chemistry and of the sphere of
     matter. His favorite activities include making new forms of 
     explosives and weapon type things. His skills make the      
     cabal a powerful threat to their enemies.
Brian MacMasters (Order of Hermes, Disciple)
     MacMasters is the "spiritual end" of this cabal, he is an   
     accomplished spirit summoner and powerful user of forces, he 
     has just recovered from a strong quiet that was brought on  
     by a force-battle with an Iteration X cyborg creation. He   
     tends to be a little head-strong, and if there is a weak    
     link in the cabal, then MacMasters is it. 

---
Players Cabal;
"The Watchmen"
     This Cabal was formed to gather information, on both the
technocracy, and the origin of the chantry. At the present they
labor at these duties. Currently they have rallied together to
find the secrets that lie within the tower, Sloan continues his
work with the corridor of words, Danner searches for their
shards, Vandersae works towards bringing life back to the realm,
and Magister is working on the tower and it's origin. They have
just begun their works, but the magi can get a lot done when they
put their heads together.
     The WatchMen have scantums around all of the houses and the
tower itself. Sloan maintains one in the bacement of the
Scantuary Club as well as one in the tower., where as Magister
has one in the bacement of the brownstone and one in the tower.
Vandersae has a lab ajacent to Sparks' in the Horizon realm, and
Danner keeps a scantum in the tower as well. If you want to find
one of the Watchmen.......good luck!

Jeramiah Sloan (Order of Hermes, Disciple)
Magister (Son of Ether/Virt. Adept, Disciple)
Vandersae (Void Engineer/Re-Training as Son of Ether, Adept)
Danner Tuck Gaelin (Celestial Chorus, Disciple) (Female)

---

Guardians Cabal;
     This cabal watches the streets and the people that live on
them, they protect people from the Technocracy and other such
threats, whether it be rescuing a homeless person from the grasps
of the Progenitors or using entropy magic to help spread wealth
through the poorer sections of the city. Ever wanted to know why
people in the barrio's win so many lottery draws....these guys
are reason.
     The Guardians call the Scantuary club home. They have rooms
in the apartment complex that is attached to the club, and use
the club itself as a meeting place, councile area, and party
spot. If you are looking for them, look to the streets, or look
to the club.

Travis Williams (Orphan ,Disciple , [Entropy] Leader of Sorts)
     Calm and caring, he leads this group, and gives them the    
     initiative to continue to do what they do. He helps them    
     fight the techno's on a different battlefield. Recently     
     Danner has shown a romantic intrest in him.
Christine Maddocks (C. Chorus, Disciple)
     She is a fiery ex-nun that now helps the guardians try to   
     reclaim the streets, and the people that live on them.
Jorden (Virtual Adept, Disciple)
     Jorden is at heart a loner, but unspoken love for Christine
     makes him want to be around her, even in that means working
     for her "naive aspirations". He gathers info for the cabal.
     He is cocky and chaotic, like most of his tradition.
Shadow Phillips (Orphan, Disciple, [Mind])
     Shadow works the streets, using his mind magicks to "spread
     the word" as he calls it, influencing the people to fight   
     against the techno's, as he is very outspoken, more than one
     techno is looking for him.
Margo Jhonson (Order of Hermes, Disciple)
     Margo has just joined the Chantry and this cabal, little is
     know about her. It has been rumored that she was the        
     surviving member of a techno-hunter cabal from Chicago that 
     met its end quite horribly.

---

Independent Magi Aligned With the Chantry;

Dr. Julian Nimbus (Virtual Adept, Adept?) (Old PC of Mine)
     The doctor is a transient mage that stops in from time to
time, when he visits he dumps the magi at the chantry loads of
information about the technocracy, some speculate that he is
spying on the techno's from the inside. Only the watchers may
know.

Lady Shannon (Verbena, Master)
     Working from central park, this mage comes and goes, she has
friendly relations with most of the magi. She mostly helps the
Werewolves in the park, but she has also been known to help the
Guardians with their projects. She is considered a member of the
chantry because of help that she gave the founding members when
they first stumbled upon the place, she does not work there,
because she says that the realm gives her the creeps.
Her official Position is that of Garou Liaison.
     
Valkie aka "The Kid" (???????????)
     Valkie (a small, 11 year old black child) was saved from the
NWO by Danner, they know little about the kid other than that he
is awakened, he is currently in a coma-like sleep due to some
implant that was on him thanks to the NWO, the magi of the tower
has since removed it, they are waiting for him to wake. He seems
to have a strong connection to Sloan's Avatar.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
                              "Nodes are F**king Cool !"
|\ |            |_|           "Your common parlance is quite 
| \|odes of the | |ouse        Vulgar, but I have to agree"
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

     The current nodes of the chantry are all in NYC, they
typicaly are well guarded by the arcane web, the magi, guardian
spirits, and the consors as well. There are three at this present
time, and all of them, except the old church are on the powerfull
(level 4 or so node) side.

     BrownStone Chantry; The earthly chantry house itself is atop
an ancient node that Enrico feels is an old Native American power
site. There is a weak resonance that is within the node, that has
a sense/feeling of what Enrico calls "regret". All of the
Quintessence that comes from this Node feeds the security system
(Wards), the guardians, and the horizon realm. There is never
anything left over. 

     The Sanctuary Club; The second earthly manifestation of the
chantry also has a node/quintessence source that gathers here. In
the olden days, this stone gothic styled church was a place of
strong faith, but a mysterious fire in 1893 destroyed the spirit
of an already sapped community, and it was never re-built. When
the magi happened upon the chantry, they also discovered the
burnt-out church. They felt the power, and the need for people to
congregate inside of it's walls, instead of a church, the magi
made it into the club that it is now. The tass that the club
generates forms into crystals of ruby hue that cling to the beams
in the basement, this area can only be accessed by the magi and
the consors of the chantry, this is the Tass that is rationed to
the magi. The resonance that this Tass accumulates varies from
utmost happiness or ecstacy to that of horrid despair. 

     The Abandoned Church; This newly opened node was once a
hang-out for a notorious sabbat pack (The Pallid Masks another PC
group in our Joint NYC chronicle) that wiped out the last
Cammarilla hand hold on the city. There is a strong resonence of
death in this Node. This node is not yet under the Arcane Web,
but it soon will be. Several Lower Generation Vampires either
lost their un-lives or were dialberized here, some say that their
restless spirit still creep through the halls of the church.

     The chantry is currently searching out new nodes, or old
ones that could be "Re-vitalized". Although in recent years, this
agenda was put on the back burner. Caroline has recently began
speaking of re-applying effort to the project. If any of the
cabals were to be involved, it would probably be up to the
Watchmen, as it falls within their realm of duties. Although any
Cabal that did find a node for the chantry would be given a share
of the tass as a "reward"


-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
___             _                 "This realm still holds many
 |   |_|       |_)                 Secrets"
 |he | |orizon | \ealm;           "yeah, dangerous ones"
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Basic Concept;
     The Horizon realm, is realy a realm within a realm. The
"Outside realm" is the garden, which is home to the "Inside
realm", that of the tower. Each realm has it's own
feel/mood/theme. 

The theme of the tower is mystery. The whole place is a complex
puzzle that has yet to be unlocked. Mysteries and Enigmas fill
the place, each trip through the halls is a chance for a new
discovery, or perhaps a clue to an old puzzle. The tower-realm is
an oppertunity for exploration, danger, and excitment, perhaps
even leading to new worlds that have not been seen for well over
1000 years, 
     The concept of the garden realm is sanctuary, a place to
take rest in, or perhaps hear a friendly voice. This is a haven
for those supernaturals that have no other place to go. The realm
is a peacefull garden that harbors them in their times of strife,
definiatly a contrast to the city that holds it's connection.
However weird that the place might get, it is always home to the
magi and the supernaturals of the stone house.

"Garden Realm"
                                            ______
                                ___________/      \____
                   ____________/                       \
                  /                                     \
        _________/                                       \
       /                                                  \ 
       \__                                                /
          \                                              /
           \              Unexplored Area               /
           /                                           /
      ____/. . .                                   ___/
     /           .                                (_______
     \   O      <--------Explored Area                    )
      \              .                                   /
       \               .                                /
        \____   H        .                         ____/    
             \___  S      .                       (____     Sea
Key;             \______  .                            \    Of
-----                   \_________                      \   Tears
O Tower                           )                      \_
H Pente-Henge                  __/                     ____)
S Stone House             ____/                       /
                    _____/                           /
                   /                           _____/
                   \____                 _____/
                        \_______________/




Environment;
     The realm was once a small island in the middle of a huge
trackless, smooth as glass sea. Now the place (through Vandersae
and the other Son's effort) has been transformed into the garden
that it once was. Life has returned, and a sense of hope and
strength with it. What was once a near dying place has had it's
life spark rekindled into the fires of life. The place now
resembles a tropical paradise, with the animal life to go with
it. There are dangers in the forest, but not many. The realm has
gotten considerably larger, the island that was once here was
barely 1 mile across, with the sea expanding another 5 miles in
each direction. Now the realm is very expansive, the magi have
not had the chance to go out and explore the size and the make-
up of their realm, but that tops the agenda.
     The climate is mostly tropical, from what the magi have
seen. It is warmish most of the time, but most of the time it is
very pleasent, most of the time a breeze blows and ocassionaly it
rains. Over all it is just a nice place........for the time
being.
     Durring the day a single sun rises and shines with a
yellowish-orange light, a little dimmer than the earth's sun. At
night time, there are 2 moons that swing through the sky, named
"Romulus" and "Remus" after the 2 founding brothers of Rome. The
night sky is starless and slightly alien, but you get used to it.
     The sea that still surrounds the main island (several other
smaller islands have risen and been taken over with the same sort
of life) and makes up the boundry of the realm is pretty normal,
although a little less salty than the earthly norm. The sea teems
with life, tropical fish swim in between coral reefs that
surround the island and turtles and other sorts of sea-life
populate the realm's underwater areas. 

The Stone House; 
     A new construction, built by Dr. Sparks and his robots as a
place for the magi and their consors, etc to live. The place is
the size of a large mansion with a main section and two wings.
The place is pretty plain now, but as the magi move in and live
there it will develop a feel of those that live there. There are
40+ rooms and a large basement (that Sparks and the other Son's
have taken over). The Sanctums of the Magi, the library, and some
of the important items (such as the gong) have been moved here
until the problem with the tower has been resolved. A security
system of wards and traps are being worked up at the present
time. Right now the place is still very much a place in flux.

The "Pente-Henge";
     Because the tower was the only gate to and from the realm,
Enrico has begun to build and connect a stone-henge like
structure with 5 gates, that lead to; 
     1. The inside of the tower (Warded against outside spirits)
        (and password locked)
     2. The brownstone
     3. The sanctuary club (Warded against those that do not     
        belong)
     4. The old cemetary (Warded against everything)
     5. The Ivory Tower
     More can be added, as Enrico has set up some space for extra
gates to be set up if they are needed. 

The Tower;
     The Tower is a huge and solid looking construct, some 100+
stories tall. The tower is made from large blocks of grey basalt
that have been hand cut from larger blocks of stone. The current
magi have been led to believe that the Magi of the Ivory tower's
predecessors built the tower with magick, but if this is the
actual truth they do not know. There are no windows in the tower,
and only a single doorway that leads in. Recently the magi have
discovered that the tower is just a doorway to another realm,
what they had percieved as the "inside" of the tower. So the
place is a realm within a realm. Because of the danger that this
has recently caused, the Elder Cabal has decided to remove the
things that they need from the tower, and build housing on the
island until they decide what to do with the place. 
     The Tower is a large mystery, most of it's reaches have not
even been seen by the magi.....anything (ANYTHING) can be found
in it's depths. Right now, the Watchmen have taken to exploring
the realm, to try to ascess the danger that the realm could
ammount to. They have been comissioned by Enrico sort of
unoffiialy to do this.

Features of the Tower; (That which have been explored)
-------------------------------------------------------
- There lies within the tower-realm the possibility of just about
anything, any gate can exist within it's twisting corridors and
rooms, any object or creature may be locked within it's vaults.
The most important thing here is the mystery of the place, and
it's true nature. 

- "The Out-Worlds" The Tower realm, at the outward reaches as
some sort of primordial connection to the "Wyld", "Weaver" , and
"Wyrm" realms. Why this connection exists, or what threat that it
poses is unknown at this time.

- "The Corridor of Words" [Found by Sloan while exploring] The
corridor is a seemingly endless tunnel carved from solid rock.
The tunnel is 6 feet wide, 12 feet high (with a vaulted ceiling),
and as stated seemingly endless. Written on the walls are long
100 meter sections of writings. The writings have been found to
be a series of fables that deal with towers, or are connected to
towers, they are written in various ancient languages and even
some alien ones that are not known by human standards. This place
is an on-going project of Sloan, who has become intrigued by the
place.  

- "The Library" [Found by the Founding Group]
[The place that these doors connect to is THE LIBRARY]
[Included is the write-up by Anders Sandberg, Net-Mage Lore
Keeper, thanks Anders for your wonderfull writings!]

The Library 
[By Anders Sandberg]
 
This realm is near the labyrinth, and both be reached from each 
other. It is an infinite library, containing every book, both
written and unwritten. Endless alleys of bookshelves, filled to
the brim with books, old and new, big and small, fact and
fiction. The air is dry and filled with the smell of dusty
bindings. Here and there small reading-tables are placed, often
covered with piles of books. Pulpits, with chained rarities flank
galleries and archives filled with documents stretch towards
eternity. The floor is covered with a soft carpet, dampening all
sounds. It is very silent, and sounds seem to fade away quickly. 
 
The books range from the cheapest pulp to ancient and extremely 
powerful magickal tomes. In the shelves decaying scrolls filled
with hieroglyphics lie side by side with modern encyclopaedias
and clay tablets. The system the books are ordered after is
extremely odd, and while all books in the same shelf may have
something in common, it is seldom easy to understand. One shelf
may be filled with books involving beekeeping, however obliquely.
Another may contain maps, regardless of what they are maps of.
Another may contain only books with 343 pages. Finding the book
you want is a nightmare, and can take years. And there are also
false books, books looking like the sought but containing subtle
errors or falsehoods, blank pages or something altogether
different. 
 
Anyone may borrow books here freely, but he must return them. If
the book have not been returned after a reasonable time, the 
Library turns against him. Exactly what happens is not known, 
since most such persons have simply vanished. The few that remain
refuse to talk about it, and it may be noted that they have
returned their books. Some mages travel into the Library to
browse or to find a particular tome. This is dangerous, since
many mages have been overwhelmed by their thirst for knowledge
and never left the realm. Many have become Librarians or died
within the Library. 
 
The Librarians are quit, slightly myopic persons who keep the 
Library neat and tidy, sort the books and try to catalogue them.
They are a fairly rare sight, but often very helpful if the
helpseeker can stand their peculiarities. Many of them seems to
be more than a little otherworldly, and sometimes drift off into
interesting research or pressing duties. They tend to be
irritated by loud noises, disorder or anything that threatens
their dear books. 
 
The Library stretches into the physical world at many places and
times in large libraries, used bookstores or collections. All 
sufficiently large collections of books, especially magickal
books, tend to get close to the Library. Many chantry libraries
connect to the Library. Most of the time these portals are
impossible to find or just one way out from the Library, but
sometimes they open spontaneously or because somebody seeking a
book has accidentally found their way out. Some chantries have
developed permanent portals into this realm, but most mages are
suspicious of it. They have the feeling the Library is expanding
into their libraries, and will slowly engulf them. 
 
[End of The Library] 

- "The Musical Garden" [Found by the Founding Group] The garden
is a huge cave that lies underneath the tower in the bedrock. The
cave is filled with calcite drippings that have formed into
incredibly beautiful shapes, some look like flowers, etc, hence
the name "The Garden". There are pools of water that have formed
all around the garden, drips of water fall into these pools, with
the echo in the cave, there is a resulting "orchestra" of drips
and splashes. Sometimes there is an unexplained wind that blows
through the cave, it whistles through the calcite spires to form
songs that range from the etheric to the downright evil.

- "The Hall of Faces" [Found by Caroline] The hall of faces is
another hallway that stretches to impossible lengths within the
tower. Seemingly endless, this hallway is decorated with
portraits of people, people without faces, just clothes and
names. There seem to be no end to the pictures that hang in the
hall. This place still remains to be one of the greater
mysteries.

- "The Grand Chamber" [Found by Enrico] The grand chamber is the
heart of the chantry and of the tower. It sits in what would seem
to be the exact center of the edifice. The room is built like a
circular ampetheater, in the center is the Master's podium and
the Elders chairs, radiating out from that are the fellow's seats
[regular chantry members]. There is one feature of this room that
make it notable. The most interesting feature is the tapestry,
this hangs on the outside walls of the room. The tapestry depicts
scenes from the medieval times, every now and again the tapestry
changes to another set of pictures. Again why this is remains a
mystery. The magi, when they moved to the stone house, attempted
to move the tapestry to the new "Grand Chamber", but they found
that they could not, it has a strong connection to this realm,
and could be the key to unlock some furture mystery.
---------------------------------------------------------------

Denizens of the Realm; 
     The realm now teems with life. Animals and plants fill the
forests and the seas. Large tropical birds, monkeys, reptiles,
insects, etc.....a full ecosystem has developed through
Vandersae's "Genisis Project" (Jorden's nick-name for it). The
magi haven't explored enough to see if there is any sentient life
or even what extent the transformation has taken.  

Guardians of the Realm;
     There are two "sets" of guardians of the realm, both of them
have been built by the Son's of Ether (Sparks, Magister, and The
Professor). The first set is called "The Hive", they are a series
of robotic insect-constructs that are housed on the top of the
chantry tower in a large hive like apperatus that was designed by
Magister.
     There are three types of the insect-constructs; The
Warriors, The Assassins, and the Workers. These are all
controlled by a central "Queen" Computer system. The Individuals
work as an single unit, like the insect-hive system that they
were based on.

There are Typically 15 Black Drones, 4 Crimson, and 15 Workers,
along with the Queen, for a Total of 35 Units.

Black Wasps (Warrior Drones) Drone Class Robotics Unit Type 1.0
Str 3  Sta 4  Dex 5  Per 4(Electronic Sensors)
Flying Manuvers; 4                   Alertness; 3
Melee (Stinger and Leg Talons); 3    Dodge; 3                    
Weapons; 
Stinger (Laser Unit) Dmg; 6  Diff; 6
Leg Talons (Hardened Steel) Dmg; 5  Diff; 5
Wing Buffet (Sharpened Wings) Dmg; 7 Diff; 8
Front Rocket Pods (6 Front Mounted Rockets) Dmg; 10 Diff; 7
Armor; Has 3 levels of Armor, use as soak.
Health Levels; ok (x3) -1 (x2) -2 (-2) -5, destroyed
Air Speed;  400+ Mph Max, 200 Mph Operating, Can Hover

Crimson Wasps (Suicide Drones) Drone Class Robotics Unit Type 2.3
Str 3  Sta 4  Dex 5  Per 4(Electronic Sensors)
Flying Manuvers; 4
Alertness; 3
Weapons; 
(Final Strike High Explosive Implant)-The Crimson Drones are
equipped with a massive amount of firepower, it comes in the form
of a 30 die Wad of High Impact Explosives. These units are most
effective when battling against something like a vehicle, or a
large target. Of course they will totally obliterate a small
target, but that is just fun.
Health Levels; ok (x3) -1 (x2) -2 (-2) -5, destroyed
Air Speed; 400+ Mph Max, 300 Mph Operating, Cannot Hover

Gold Wasps (Worker Drone) Drone Class Robotics Unit Type 3.0
Str 3  Sta 4  Dex 4  Per 4(Electronic Sensors)
Flying Manuvers; 3    Melee; 1
Alertness; 2          Dodge; 3
Repair; 3
Weapons; 
Arc-Welder (Close Combat) Dmg; 5 Diff; 8
Health Levels; ok (x3) -1 (x2) -2 (-2) -5, destroyed
Air Speed; 200 Mph Max, 20-100 Mph Operating, Can Hover.

The Hive Mother (Computer/Robotic Construct) H.I.V.E. Mark 1.0 
([H]igh-end [I]ntelligent [V]espiary [E]ntity) 
Int; 3  Wits; 3  Per; 3
Tactics; 4          Area Knowledge; 4        
Leadership; 3       Navigation; 4


The Centurion;

     The other realm guardian, is the centurion. This huge robot
was also constructed by the 3 Sons of Ether after the first
attack on the realm by the Technocracy Hit Marks. The Centurion
is a robot-like construct that stands some 15 Feet tall. It has a
silver alloyed skin that is very potent armor. It looks like a
monster robot from those bad 1950's horror/Sci-fi films. It has
red glowing eyes and is incapable of speech. It normally stands
guard at the doors of the tower, and it also knows everybody that
is supposed to be there, attacking or detaining anyone that it
does not know, or is not ok'd by the mages.


Stats;
Str; 8  Sta; 8  Dex;  Per; 4  Int; 2  Wit; 1
Skills; Melee; 3           Dodge; 1  
Ranged Weapons; 4          Alertness; 5
Brawl; 3
Weapons; (all normal Brawl attacks)
Chain Guns (2) - Based on Hit Mark Design
(Use Hit Mark Stats)  200,000 rds of Ammo
Laser Eyes (2) - Dmg 6, Diff 5
Pole Axe - Dmg (Str+3) = 11  Diff 6
Armor; 3 Levels, treat as soak.
Health Levels; ok (x6) , -1 , -2 , -3 , -4 , -5 , Destroyed

Other Details; 

Magickal Ratings;(Garden Realm) 
Correspondence;  0 
Entropy       ;  0 
Forces        ;  0
Life          ; +2
Matter        ;  0
Mind          ;  0
Prime         ; +1 (Area is lightly charged with prime energy)
Spirit        ; +1 (thin gauntlet)
Time          ;  0

Magickal Ratings;(Tower Realm) 
Correspondence; +2 (Weird Correspondence effect)
Entropy       ; -2 (Nothing decays, etc) 
Forces        ;  0
Life          ;  0
Matter        ;  0
Mind          ;  0
Prime         ;  0
Spirit        ; +3 (Strong connection to outside realms)
Time          ; -2 (Time effect)

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
---    __                  "This is the house that Magi Built"
 |    /                    "Yeah......what magi?"
 |he  \__hantry            "Will you shut up !!!!!!"
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

The Stone House;
     See the Realm discription for further information.

Brownstone House;
     Located in the Bronx, this old house was built in the late
1700's by an unknown mage, who built it atop a powerful node. The
house has been renovated, and there is room for anyone that needs
to stay there. There are several cars and a motorcycle here at
the magi's disposal. There is a small cache of weapons, but for
the most part the magi arm themselves by themselves. The house
has 3 floors + the basement level (which is the home to
Magister's Sanctum.) This place is guarded by an ancient spirit
that was awoke when the magi first re-opened the Chantry. The
spirit takes the form of a large Mastiff that can make multiple
forms of itself to guard the chantry house if need be. The spirit
never speaks, it simply guards. This house has portals to the
horizon realm, and is guarded by "Smithers" the spirit guardian,
no one ever sees simthers, but they know that he is there.      

The Sanctuary Club;
     Located in the club-sprawls in Manhattan, the club provides
not only the tass that the cabals use, but also a large amount of
money that the mages use to fund their mundane projects. The club
is built into the ruins of an old burnt-out cathedral. It is
quite popular amongst the magi of the city, as well as some of
the other supernaturals. The place is guarded by the half-dozen
large gargoyles that sit around the interior of the club. The
Gargoyles are spirit-constructs that were placed here by one of
the now-passed Order magi. They have "contracts" with the chantry
that guarentees them so much quint. a month, as long as they
protect both the club and the Magi within. So far it has worked
out well for both parties. Each of the gargoyles has a name and a
distinct personality. The gargoyles and the club itself are
detailed below in Appendix One. 


Chantry Inhabitants;
     The magi have brought aware servants to the realm to do
their bidding, the servants are provided with everything that
they need and plenty of time off, and time in the city. There are
about 100+ mortal servants that do the routine duties of the
Stone House and the other chantry houses and the club. They all
descend from families that Enrico and Sparks knew and worked with
before. All are very loyal. The earthly houses all have adequate
servants, as well as a number of consors that have joined the
chantry for various reasons, these are detailed below.

     The Horizon realm is populated only by the magi, the consors
that are around at the time, and the aware servants that tend to
the needs of the magi, and their friends.


-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
 __                            "You let THEM into the Chantry?"
/                              "We prefer them over you!"
\__onsor's                     
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

     There are several supernatural creatures/beings that work
with the mages of the chantry, they only number a few but they
are detailed below. 

Calisti (Alchemist, Human)
     Calisti is the main bartender at the club, she was found by
Enrico on one of his many trips abroad. After seeing her talent,
he brought her back to the chantry and offered her a job, after
seeing the chantry's library, she accepted. She knows as much
about the Alchemical Arts as a Medieval Master. She tends the bar
because she like to talk to people, and she also likes slipping
people little "pinches" of "stuff" to see the affects, as long as
she doesn't kill or harm anyone, Enrico lets her be. She is a
friendly, if not capricious soul that enjoys being around the
mages and the people that they surround themselves with.

Hope (Vampire, Salubri)
     One of the Guardian's weirder allies, Hope is a Vampire that
helps the Cabal spread positive feelings through the city. Her
powers are very strange, but the guardians have much respect for
her. They protect her from the other vampires, and she helps them
in return. Most of the time, when not helping them in the
streets, she lives in an apartment in the realm chantry, she
likes the eternal night. The only feature that sets her apart is
a strange third eye. Other than that she is extremely beautiful
(app 6!)

The Brothers Grimm (Glasswalker Werewolves)
     These two are consors to the Iron Fist Cabal, aiding them in
their attacks against the Technos and their cohorts. These two
are "exiles" from the normal Garou society, and as such are
living with the Fists full time. They both are very powerful
warriors, and both have knowledge about the middle umbra that has
been very valuable to the Fists. Part of the time the Brothers
live at the chantry realm with the Cabal.
In human for they are two white average looking twins.

Tick Tock (Materialized Spirit Helper)
     Tick Tock is a Daemon spirit of Languages that was summoned
by Sloan to help him decipher the writings on the walls of the 
the Corridor of Words. He now inhabits a mechanical body
constructed by Magister.

Dr. Sparks has a fleet of robotic/spirit helpers in his lab, too
many to mention, if the chantry is ever attacked, he could re-
program them to be a powerful army.

Malafax dra'Kamain (Dragon)
     Saved from certain paradox-death by the Watchmen, Malafax is
currently sleeping in the horizon realm, in a room that seems to
be there just for him. When he wakes, he may align with the
chantry, or perhaps he will leave, what ever the decision, he
will remain an ally of the chantry, as well as the Watchmen.

---
External Relations;
     The Chantry itself has little to do with the outside world,
the individual magi, however have many connections in both the
mortal and supernatural worlds. Because of the "Arcane-Web" that
envelopes both the Sanctuary Club and the Brownstone, very few of
the other magi of the city know of the existance of the
"Straggler" chantry deep in the heart of New York City. 

Status; 0 (No one knows of the place)

Reputation; 0 (Again the place is hidden)
Appendi;
--------
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
---   .--.           ___   
 |    |__           /                Information File
 |he  .__|anctuary  \___lub          Appendix One
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

The Main Floor;
     As you enter the Sanctuary Club you get the sense that you
are walking into a different world. This dark club (which was
once a small church) is done over in a mixture of gothic
sculpture and late renisannce paintings. The tables are large
pedestal tables with black marble tops. In the center of each one
is a small lamp in the form of a gargoyle holding aloft a torch.
Carved into the tops of the tables are runes, cryptic writings,
etc.
     All around the Club there are gargoyles, gargoyles of all
shapes and sizes. They stand watching, peering, laughing, and
crying all about the club. Some even appear to be watching you,
following a person about a room with their beady little eyes.
     Adding to the flavor to the club, is the lighting
arangement. The place is lit by the large 2 story stained glass
windows that depict sceens from both the bible and from popular
culture. (One of Callisti's favorites is a window piece of Elvis
on the cross) Behind the windows are the white lights that cast
multi-colored beams as they shine through the windowns. Also
behind the windows are several strobe lights that can be turned
on from behind the bar. 
     In the back of the club, there is a large fountain and a
pool. The water spouts are in the form of three gargoyles, one
with water coming out of his mouth, one out of a large penis, and
one that slowly dribbles water from his eyes. (Some consider the
fountain vulgar, but most of the partons find it funny)
     There is a small dance floor down here, but the main one is
upstairs. 
     The bar is tended by Callisti, a Consor to the chantry, and
a wisened Alchemist by trade, who better to mix drinks than an
alchemist? The bar is stocked with many weird and unusual drinks
from around the world (and a few that are from beyond) and
Calisti is known for not only her brewing ability, but for her
mixing talents as well.
     The music that plays here ranges from light industrial to
grunge to "alternative" , even venturing into dark souding
cassical music. Every weekend the club plays host to several of
the local goth bands that have a small folowing in the area.
The bands include;
     Peeled Roach (Light punk/Industrial) Deaths Yearning (Goth,
what else) Dr. Morierity and the all freak band(weird sounds,
lots of mixing) Cold Acid Rain (C.A.R.) (Grunge-Metal) Broken
Children (Goth)

     The back of the club houses the mens and ladies rooms (the
dotted stall is the door to the horizon realm).                  
Main Floor; Sanctuary Club

---------------------------------------------------------------
|#|  \  | | | | |(down)   | |...| = | O  O  O  | = | = | O O O|
|#|___\ | | | | |         | |...| O |----------| O | O |------|
|-------------------|--   | |___|___|          |___|___|      |
|-------------------|     | |                  |              |
|   Storage               --| Mens             |  Ladies      |
|-------------------| _____ |  _____  |==|==|==|  _____       |
|--------------------|_____|--|_____|------------|_____|------|
|    ------      /\                                           |
|   /######\     \/                                           |
-  |########|                    ------          The Fountain -
/  |########|                   /######\                      /
\   \######/        ------     |########|             /------ \
/ /\ ------        /######\     \######/             /  ----- /
\ \/              |########|     ------             |  /   /\ \
/                  \######/                         | |    \/ /
\                   ------                          | | /\    \
/                                                   | | \/ /\ -
\             ------                                |  \   \/ |
-            /######\                                \  ----- |
|           |########|    ------                      \------ -
|            \######/    /######\                          /\ /
|             ------    |########|      ------             \/ \
|                        \######/      /######\               /
|    ------               ------      |########|              \
|   /######\                           \######/               -
|  |########|       ------              ------     --------   |
-   \######/       /######\                       /#######|   |
\    ------       |########|   ------            /###/-----   | 
/                  \######/   /######\          /###/         |
\          ------   ------   |########|         |###|       --|
/         /######\            \######/          |###|       |O|
\        |########|            ------           |###|       |O|
/         \######/                              |###|       |O|
- /\       ------                               |###|       |o| 
| \/                        ------              |###|       |o|
|----------------------    /######\             |###|       |o|
|---------------------|   |########|            |###|       |O|
|                    ||    \######/             |###|       |O|
|                    ||     ------              |###|       |O| 
|                    ||                         |###|       |o|
-    Dance Floor     ||                         |###|       |o|
\                    ||                         |###|       |o|
/                    ||                         |###|       |O|
\                    ||                         |###|       --|
/                    ||                         ----- --------| 
-                    ||                             |  Spiral |
|                    ||        /\ <----Gargoyle/    |  Stairs |
|                    ||______  \/      Statuary     |    up   |
---|/\/\/\/|----------|______|------|\/\/\/\/\/\|--------------


The Upper Floor;

     The upper floor of the club is open to the bottom level in
the canter. The upper floor convays the same sort of decor that
the lower level has, but to a somewhat lighter degree, with the
renessance style paintings outnumbering the gothic sculptures,
etc. The vaulted ceiling is done over in a fairly decent copy of
Michealangelo's Cistine Chapel work. 
     The Second floor is nicknamed "The belfry" by the regulars
because the gargoyles on this floor all look like bats, or have
bat parts. 
     The railing that surrounds the open space in the center of
the floor was taken from the fencing that surrounded the old
church. It is heavy black wrought iron that has a very heavy
gothic feel to it. 
     At the north end of the floor is the larger dance floor and
the band riser that is host to the weekend entertainment. There
are all sorts of special-effects lighting hidden in the shadows,
that can be accessed by the band's techie or whatever.  
     Most of the patrons come here to hang in the belfry, only
the regulars hang at the tables, or on the first floor.


Bacement Level; 
     The bacement level is home to the three things, Sloans
sanctum is here (see bork's sub-map). Callisti's Apartment, and
the large wine and bottle racks that store the clubs finer
spirits.
     Other than that the place is unremarkable.

























Sanctuary Club; Upper Floor

---------------------------------------------------------------
|/\                  | Band Riser     |                     /\|
|\/                  |                |                     \/|
|                    |----------------|                       |
|                                                             |
|                                                             |
|                                                             |
|             Upper Dance Floor                               |
|/\                                                         /\|
|\/                                                         \/|
- ----------------------------------------------------------- -
/                                                             /
\                                                             \
/                                          /\                 /
\                                          \/                 \
/        o---o---o---o---o---o---o---o---o--o                 /
\        |                                  |                 \
/        o                                  o /\              -
\        |    ------                        | \/              |
-        o   /######\                       o---o---o-o       |
| /\     |  |########|    ------                      |       -
| \/     o   \######/    /######\                     o       /
|        |    ------    |########|      ------        |       \
|        o               \######/      /######\       o       /
|        |-               ------      |########|      |       \
|        o#\                           \######/       o       -
|        |##|       ------              ------     ---|       |
-        o#/       /######\                       /###o       |
\      /\|-       |########|   ------            /###/|       | 
/      \/o         \######/   /######\          /###/ o       |
\        | ------   ------   |########|         |###| |       |
/        o/######\            \######/          |###| o       |
\        |########|            ------           |###| |       |
/        o\######/                              |###| o       |
-        | ------                               |###| |       | 
|/\      o                  ------              |###| o       |
|\/      |-------------    /######\             |###| |       |
|        o------------|   |########|            |###| o       |
|        |           ||    \######/             |###| |       |
|        o Lower     ||     ------              |###| o       | 
|     /\ | Dance     ||                         |###| |       |
-     \/ o Floor     ||                         |###| o       |
\        |           ||                         |###| |     /\|
/        o--o--o--o--o--o--o--o--o--o--o--o--o--o--o--o     \/|
\                      (Gothic Railing)                       |
/                                                   ----------| 
- /\                                                |  Spiral |
| \/                    /\                          |  Stairs |
|                       \/                          |  Down   |
---|/\/\/\/|------------------------|\/\/\/\/\/\|--------------


Sanctuary Club; Bacement Level

---------------------------------------------------------------
|#|  \  |   |                  (Sloan's Sanctum)              |
|#|___\ |   -                                                 |
|#|____|   | |                                                |
|#|____|   | |                                                |
|#|____|    -                                                 |
|  (up)     |                                                 |
|           |                                                 |
|           |                                                 |
|--       --|                                                 |
|O|       |O|                                                 |
|O|       |O|                                                 |
|O|   S   |O|                                                 |
|O|   T   |O|                                                 |
|O|   O   |O|                                                 |
|O|   R   |O|                                                 |
|O|   A   |O|                                                 |
|O|   G   |O|                                                 |
|O|   E   |O|                                                 |
|O|       |O|                                                 |
|O|   A   |O|                                                 |
|O|   R   |O|                                                 |
|O|   E   |O|-------------------------------------------------|
|O|   A   |O|=================================================|
|O|       |O|-------------------------------------------------|
|O|       |O|                                                 |
|O|       |O| (Callisti's Apartment)                          |
|O|       --|                                                 |
|O|         |                                                 |
|O|         |                                                 |
|O|       --|                                                 |
|O|       |O|                                                 |
|O|       |O|                                                 |
|O|       |O|                                                 |
|O|       |O|                                                 |
|O|       |O|                                                 |
|O|       --|                                                 |
|O|         |                                                 |
|--  ______ |                                                 |
|---|______|-                                                 |
|                                                             |
|                                                             |
|                                                             |
---------------------------------------------------------------








The Denziens/Regulars of the Club;
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
The Gargoyles;

Stone-Grin;
     Stone-Grin is a smaller gargoyle that sits in one of the
corners of the Club. He has wings, long talons, and a smiling
mouth filled with sharp teeth (hense the name). He is a
prankster, playing practical jokes and sometimes supprising some
of the guests to the club. He likes the club and wants to protect
the place from all harm, as it is his home. 

Iron-Wing;
     This huge hematite laced granite gargoyle gains his name
from his very large wings that are folded bat-style on his back,
he is a physical brute and a skilled air-warrior. He is very
sullun most of the time, always wearing a frown on his face. He
rarely speaks and when he does he plays up the "stoic warrior"
bit.

Granite;
     The one called granite is a large and vulgar gargoyle that
protects the up-stairs. He stands in the dance floor near the
wall in the left upperhand corner. He loves the music that plays
here. He has a slightly demonic face that is locked in a snarl.
It is hard for him to talk, and many of the supers are put off by
the fact that even though he is very friendly, his snarling face
puts people off. 

Maggroth;
     Maggroth is a reddish-brown colored Gargoyle that is
stationed near the bar on the first floor. He is a watcher, with
very large bug eyes that dwarf the rest of his face. He is very
spindly like a spider, with long fingers and even longer toes. He
has a short pair of wings and dosen't fly very well. He is very
curious about everyone that comes here, and is always watching.
He has a near photographic memory when it comes to what he sees
or hears.

Vixin;
     The mosty powerful of the two females in the group, Vixin is
a busty demonic looking gargoyle with large wings. She has long
claws, and her face always has a sultry look on it. While in
"form" she stands in a very sensual pose that gives her the name
Vixin. She can be cruel sometimes, but other times she can be
quite friendly, the problem is that you can never judge what mood
she is in.

Corrage;
     Corrage is the second female Gargoyle that calls the club
home. She is a smaller gargoyle, much in the form of an older
child that has small wings and claws, she looks very innocent
(which she is) and acts much like the little kid.

Other "Regulars" of the Club
----------------------------

"Life of the Party" - High Umbral Spirit
     Life of the Party is a spirit that inhabits the club,
calling it home. Drawn by the power of the place, and the
awakened beings that congregate there, Life of the party has
grown very strong for a concept-spirit. Not being able to
materialize in a form of his own making, Life has possess people
to make his presence known. While under the powers of Life of the
Party, the possessee will act out the good and bad sides of the
"Party", which Life feeds off of. While under his influence, a
person might grow incredibly drunk, either "happy drunk" or
"depressed drunk", or they may find themselves letting their
inhibitions go, later finding out what they have done under his
influence, and having to deal with the consequences. The day
after is the realm of the mortal, for Life of the Party, the
Party rages on.


































Appendix Two; The Brownstone House     [         ](non-existant)
Appendix Three; The Ivory Tower        [Tower.txt](CLASSIFIED)
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
   __                           Appendix Four
  (__      |_|                  The Stone Chantry House
   __)tone | |ouse              In the Garden Realm
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

     The Stone House is a new construct in the garden realm that
was built by Dr. Sparks and some of the other magi. The house was
built because of the doubt of the stability of the tower-realm
that the magi have been living in. Enrico decided that until the
magi learn more of the realm that is housed in the tower, that
they should live somewhere's else, and the house is it. 
     Built of stone that was scavanged from the island and the
sea-bed, it has a very solid feel to it. The interiors are made
from wood that was dried and seasoned with magick. As the magi
move in, the interior will most likly take on a distinctive feel. 
     The House lies to the north of the tower, near the pente-
henge that Enrico has built and connected to the other locals of
the chantry. 
     Right now the house is in the development stage, as soon as
things are sorted out, then this appendix will be more detailed. 

































       --------------------------------------------------------
      | Enrico         | Enrico's|SS|                          |
      W Caroline       | Study   |SS|    Spark's Lab/          |
      W Bed Room  |    D         |  |    Bedroom/Kitchen,      |
      |           |    |         |  |    Everything Room       |
      |           |    ----D------  |                          |
      |------------    D Hall    D  |                          |
      | Living         D         D  |                          |
      W Area       |   ----D------  |                          |
      W            |   |         |  |                          |
      W            |   D Carol's |  |                          |
      |            |   | Lab     |  D                          |
      |  ----------|   |         |  D                          |
      | Kitchen    |   ----------|  |---D--------D--------D----|
      W            |   D  Bath   |  |lab    |lab     |lab      |
      |            |   |         |  |       |storage |storage  |
      |---WWW---------------------  |--------------------------|
                       |            D                      SSSS|
                       W   ---------|--D-----D-----D-----D-----|
The Stone House        W  |         |     |     |     |        |
Ground Level           |  |         |--------------------------|
                       |  D    ??   |       SSS|Pantry         |
                       W  |         |        SS|               |
                       W  |         |          |-------D-------|
                       |DD-----------          |               W
Key                    D                       D   Dining Room W
-=-                    D   Main Hall           D               W
D = Door               |-------------          |               W
W = Window             W  |         |          |-------D-------|
S = Stairs             W  |         D        SS|               |
                       |  |Councile D       SSS|Kitchen        |
                       |  |Hall     |----DD--------------------|
                       |  |         |             |            |
                       |  |         | Library     |    Study   W
                       |  |         D             D            W
                       W  |         D             D            W
                       W  |         |             |            |
      |----------------|  |         |             |            |
      |                |  ---------------D-------------D-------|
      |                D  -----D---------D--------D-------D----|
      |                |  |         |         |       |        |
      |                |  |         |         |       |        |
      |----------------|  |         |         |       |        |
      |                |  |------------------------------------|
      |                D  |         |         |       |        |
      |                |  |         |         |       |        |
      |                |  |         |         |       |        |
      |----------------|  ----D----------D--------D-------D----|
      |                |  ------D----------D----D-------D------|
      |                D  |         |         |       |        |
      |                |  |         |         |       |        |
      |                |SS|         |         |       |        |
      |                |SS|         |         |       |        |
       --------------------------------------------------------
       --------------------------------------------------------
      |                          |SS|     General Storage      |
      W  Enrico's Lab/Sanctum    |SS|                          |
      W                          D  |                          |
      W                          D  |                          |
      |                          |                             |
      |                          |                             |
      |                          |                             |
      |--------------------------|                             |
      |                          |  |                          |
      | Caroline's Sanctum       |  |                          |
      |                          |  |                          |
      W                          |  |                          |
      W                          |  --------            -------|
      W                          |                             |
      |                          |                             |
       ------------------------------                     -----|
                                    |                      SSSS|
                                    |                     -----|
The Stone House                     |                          |
Second Level                        |      --------------------|
                                    W       SSS| Arcane        |
                                    W        SS| Library       |
                                    W          |               |
                                    W          |               |
                                    W          D               |
                                    W          D               |
                                    W          |               |
                                    W          |-----     -----|
                                    W        SS|  Study        |
                                    W       SSS|               |
                                    |      --------------------|
                                    |                          |
                                    |                          |
                                    |      Common Area         |
                                    |                          |
                                    |                          |
      |--------------------WWWWWW----                          |
      |Magister's      |                                       |
      |Room            D  -----D---------D-----D---------------|
      |                |  |         |         |                W
      |                |  |         |         | Danner's       W
      |----------------|  |         |         | Room           |
      |                |  |------------------------------------|
      |                D  |         |         |       |        |
      |                |  |         |         |       |        |
      |                |  |         |         |       |        |
      |----------------|  ----D----------D--------D-------D----|
      |Sloan's Room/   |  ------D----------D----D-------D------|
      |Sanctum         D  |         |         |       |        |
      |                |  |         |         |       |        |
      |                |SS|         |         |       |        |
      |                |SS|         |         |       |        |
       --------------------------------------------------------
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
   __                           Appendix Five
  (__                                                
   __)ystems                                     
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
[The Arcane Web]
     The arcane-web is a powerfull "ward" placed on the two
earthly representations/nodes of the Brownstone chantry. It was
first developed by Enrico and Dr.Sparks as a defence against not
only those that were after them, but also the Mundanes that would
or could endanger them had they ever found the real truth. Using
a mixture of weird science and good old fashioned Order rote-
magick, the two of them, along with the other magi, wove over
both of the places, the Arcane Web.
      What this means; This means that the place has a sort of
selective Arcane rating. Those that know about the place can
usually find it (arcane 2) Those that do not know about it, have
an incredibly hard time finding the place (arcane 5) it also, as
a side power, stops those with intent of harming the inhabitants
of the place from finding it as well (Arcane 5 again).

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
|}r. |\|imbus: Master of the Ether           Nimbus@telenet.net
"Don't Mess With Me Man, I'm Crazy" - Nacho the Cat 
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

