Newsgroups: alt.games.whitewolf
From: nimbus@TeleNet.Net (Eric VanDycke)
Subject: Channel Hackers (NPC GROUP)
Date: Fri, 12 Jul 1996 03:43:38 GMT
X-Nntp-Posting-Host: shell.telenet.net
X-Newsreader: TIN [version 1.2 PL2]


                         Channel Hackers 
                      "The Remote Controls" 
 
 
     The location; A scummy little apartment on the "Poor" side 
of the city.  
     The time; Mid Morning 
     The who; Mr. Jimmy Bob Smith who is just sitting down to 
watch his favorite show; The Price is Right (tm). 
 
                              ***** 
 
     "Caroline Diaz.......come on down, you are the next 
contestant on the Price is Right (tm)" 
     Jimmy sits there in his ragged underwear eating coca-puffs 
(tm) straight from the box, half of the crunchy delicious cereal 
strewn across his Spam (tm) official tee-shirt. Staring 
mindlessly into the T.V. (which stands for Total Viewer-control, 
BTW) in a state of bliss that can be tapped into with the flip of 
a switch. Not blinking and certainly not thinking Jimmy starts to 
drool.  
     "Tell her what she has won Rod......." Says Bob with a wide 
grin. 
     "She has won an all expense's paid trip to Bermuda ...... 
that's right, 2 round trip tickets to the lovely island of 
Bermuda, You and your guest will stay in the lovely........ " 
*The infuriating sound of static*" 
     "Shit.....The cable must be out.....again what the hell is 
going on here. Why can't the Television just work right once in a 
while, why........." Sputters Jimmy. 
     Suddenly as though a wish had come true for him, the 
resolution snaps back to the clarity that it once was. A shabby 
looking man in his 40's stares out from the set. Jimmy begins to 
feel a pain in his temples.....headache...and a bad one at that. 
'What is happening' thought Jimmy as he began to make out the 
words that the man was speaking as they came through the static. 
     "Do not turn this off, we are broadcasting over the Stations 
signal to inform you of matters that are affecting you at this 
very moment. You are being duped, the victims in a larger plot to 
control reality as we know it. The Powers That Be are using these 
devices, your Television, your V.C.R, and your radio to keep your 
minds lulled almost asleep. Free thought and creativity are at an 
all time low within our species, people are turning to barbarism, 
children raised in front of these things rampage through the 
streets raping a killing to the point that would put Atilla the 
Hun to shame. Turn off your sets, get out of your houses..... 
always remember that the government is in on this .... They are 
watching, listening, and controlling everything that happens in 
this nation.............." suddenly the T.V. crashed into static 
once more, which was then replaced by the stations identification 
symbol above a series of familiar words 'PLEASE STAND BY.....WE  
ARE EXPERIENCING TECHNICAL DIFFICULTIES....REGULARLY SCHEDULED 
PROGRAMING WILL COMMENCE AS SOON AS THE PROBLEM IS ALLEVIATED' 
 
Somewhere out there, lurking in the darker corners of the city 
are the Remote Controls, Information Hackers, and masters of 
Underground Communications Technology.  
 
                              ***** 
 
     Television is good clean entertainment......right? Wrong, 
welcome to the World of Darkness baby! In every home in every 1st 
world nation there is a Television, a V.C.R. or a Radio. They 
have become a very prominent part of the American landscape. We 
live by the Television, baby sit with the Television, use it as 
an escape from the rigors of the modern world, etc. It is our 
friend that is always there for us. At least this is the way that 
the Technocracy have made it. The New World Order uses it to 
disseminate the reality that they want us to perceive, and the 
$yndicate uses it to drive the masses and make them more 
susceptible to their own manipulations of our greed, pride, and 
envy. With each show that a person watches they are being 
manipulated. Endless strings of talk-shows with a nearly 
bottomless pool of clean-cut all american hosts that show the 
'dregs' of society and what evil and repulsive people that they 
are. Cop Drama's that make the average american trust the 
officers of order and peace even more. Cartoons that make 
children more violent or on the other hand kiddie shows that make 
huge stupid looking pink and purple dinosaurs idols in the minds 
of their audience, brainwashing them with subliminal messages. 
Commercials that drive our basal emotions of anger and greed, 
Sit-coms that show perfect families that are far from the reality 
that is at hand. You soon get the picture so to speak. 
 
     The masses are being lulled into a state that the 
technocracy can manipulate and control easily. And for the most 
part the traditions have over-looked this wide-spread 
manipulation. (As I said most of them) So who is fighting for the 
side of the free and clear mind? It is not the Virtual Adepts as 
you might guess, but a group of crafty and creative mortals that 
have learned first hand of what is going on. They are 'The Remote 
Controls' Channel Hackers Extraordinary. 
 
                              ***** 
 
    No one knows who these people are. They seem to be an 
underground group of Hackers and rouge acolytes of the 
Technocracy that know their former employers methods and 
technology. They move from place to place, interrupting television 
broadcasts, and spreading their information to the masses, trying 
to free them from the mental strangle hold that the Technocracy 
has them in. They have no records (as if anyone knew their names) 
and they have never been seen (except for their spokesman Dr. 
Venger, who is like the rest of the group an enigma). 
 
    They are believed to have 5-8 main members that do all of the 
intel work and the tech work, they also have several hundred 
others that are sympathetic to their cause. History is up to you, 
to do with as you see fit. The individual members are also up to 
you to do what as you need or want to use. In my chronicle they 
are anonymous and very secretive, an enigma in the widest sense. 
They come and go with little trace like some sort of techno- 
communications ninja. 
 
     Their methods include; 
 
* When a news show is one, they will interrupt the video feeds to 
the show, and substitute their own tapes of what really happened. 
(Used when they know that the Techno's are spreading false info) 
 
* They will infiltrate television studios and replace all of 
their back-up tapes with their own copies of broadcasts (which 
melt after one playing so that they cannot be examined) 
 
* They raid uplink stations of cable companies and place 
equipment that makes the signal tampering all the harder. 
 
* They begin grass-roots anti-television movements around the 
nation. 
 
* They hack signals to broadcast their own short broadcasts 
telling the masses the truth. 
 
* They help those that are also on the run from the Technocracy, 
always looking for others that are into the cause. 
 
* They assassinate known technomancers when and if they get the 
chance, they have killed 4 to this date, this is a harsh method, 
but realize that they are fighting a war, a war that if they 
don't win, will result in the brain-washing of the entire nation. 
  
* They seem to have spies in all major television networks that 
get them info and video clips and such. 
 
* They hack into The NetWork's Computer systems and do damage as 
well as planting their own information. This can be anything from 
re-arranging television shows, to cutting off the last 10 minutes 
of a much-awaited television show. They can hack into the 
computers that are connected to the tele-type machines during a 
live broad-cast and get their info out that way, etc. 
 
   
Story Ideas; 
------------ 
The Remote Controls can be in with anyone that you wish them to 
be with, They could be pawns of the Virtual Adepts, or they could 
be mortals that have indeed began to fight back, The call is up 
to you, make them in with the Marauders for all I care. Here are 
some ways that you can use the R.C.'s; 
 
Background Color; Whenever the players pass by a television, have 
the R.C.'s bust in and begin to spout their talk. Or from time to 
time have the players witness a raid on some warehouse or other 
building that they overhear was for the sole purpose of finding 
the 'damn T.V. Hackers'. Make sure to have a few MIB's there just 
to get the point across. 
 
Adventure Hook; The RC's interrupt a news broadcast's video feed 
with a video clip of one of the Player's loved ones or Acolytes 
being captured by the NWO. Or they can get in contact with the 
players and offer to work with them on a case by case basis. 
 
NPC's (Friendly) They can work with the players, be acolytes, 
etc, or they can be contacts, or a "Weapon" that the players have 
access to. 
 
NPC's (Enemy) Perhaps they are against all mages not just the 
technocracy. Have a player that is a little too violent with 
their magick? Have is face show up on the local news as wanted by 
the police for questioning, or have him show up on COP's or even 
America's Most Wanted......I mean...."Whatcha' gonna do when they 
come for you? huh mage boy?" 
 
Random Element; Use them to throw the players off guard, just as 
another weird element of street culture or weirdness in the life 
of a will-worker. 
 
Movies/Books/Idea Sources; 
-------------------------- 
They Live  (Great film, major influence, just substitute the 
technocracy for the aliens, and you have one messed up 
chronicle!) 
Snow Crash (Great Book) 
Postman's Technopoly (Read it!) 
Johnny Mnemonic (The t.v. hacker parts) 
Sorry that is all that I can think of right now :(  
 
Well That is it for now,  
I hope that you all enjoyed it. 
Any comments are more than welcome. 

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
|}r. |\|imbus: Master of the Ether           Nimbus@telenet.net
"Don't Mess With Me Man, I'm Crazy" - Nacho the Cat 
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

