THE CONTINUUM  
~~~~~~~~~~~~~  
  
Speciality Sphere: Time.  
Secondary Spheres: Any.  

--------------------
History and Overview
--------------------
  
    The Continuum is an unusual group of Mages, separate from both 
the Technocracy and the Traditions (though it was once part of the 
former), who specialise in the Sphere of Time. They are entirely 
devoted to the defence of reality from the Nephandi, which they call 
'the Darkness'. 
    The Continuum has existed (though not as an organisation) since
since the dawn of Man, as individual Mages from the various 
Traditions who constantly battled the Nephandi. After the Mythic Age, 
these Mages joined the Technocracy when they discovered that the 
nascent organisation also sought the defence of reality. During this 
time, the previously individual Mages that fought the Darkness found 
new purpose together, and formed the organisation that would be 
called the Continuum. A large majority had studied the Sphere of Time 
to aid them in their battles against the Darkness, and a Construct 
(Central Office) was set up in the Shade Realm of Time (Nexus). This 
Realm was found to contain access points to many alternate realities, 
or Virtuals, which were observed, explored and catalogued. 
    After a while however, they felt they had become trapped in the 
Technocratic Agenda and the Ascension War, which they felt was 
meaningless given the true Perpetual War with the Darkness. In 
addition, they were increasingly becoming aware of dark plots within 
the Conventions that would wrest control of Nexus from the Continuum.
    The tension built between the Continuum and the other Conventions 
when in 1905, the Continuum realised that Time was not constant but 
relative to the observer, and believed that this was something so 
profound that the Sleeper scientific community should be informed 
immediately. The Technocracy forbade them from publishing, since this 
was scheduled to be revealed far ahead in their Time Table. The 
Continuum itself then announced that one of their researchers had 
'rebelled' and had published the Theory regardless. The resulting 
paradigm shift was far more dramatic than the Technocracy had ever 
imagined, as the traditional Newtonian/Copernican system was swept 
aside by the new Special Theory of Relativity. Suddenly, Sleeper 
scientists had the answers to those nagging problems that had started 
to plague the Newtonian Universe - this in itself Awakened a few of 
their Avatars. There was now a new way to describe the Universe.  
    The Void Engineers also made unexpected gains, when it was 
realised (and popularised) that Space Travel was now a step more 
'tangible' - by sending someone to distant stars at extremely rapid 
velocities, he or she would age relatively more slowly than those 
left behind. This made people more accepting of the concepts of 
Extended Space Flight, a goal of the Void Engineers.  
    The Technocracy as a whole, however, were not impressed. Further  
(covert) investigations revealed that the publication of the 
Relativity Theory was actually intentional, despite the Continuum's 
protestations of innocence. This was all the excuse the Technocracy 
needed, and in an emergency Symposium the Continuum was declared an 
enemy of the Technocracy and an attempt was made to destroy them. 
However, the Continuum had foreseen the attempt and set numerous 
booby-traps that killed or trapped many of their enemies. Damage was 
heavy, but the Technocracy could not afford to follow up with a huge 
Mage Hunt due to the preparations for the approaching First World 
War.  
    Alone for the first time in over 300 years, and aware that it 
could not possibly defend against the much more powerful Technocracy 
on Earth, the Continuum retreated to Nexus. Central Office became a 
fortification, and the former Convention recruited many Mages from 
the Traditions, who were keen to woo the Continuum to their side of 
the Ascension War. By the time the Technocracy could begin to 
retailate effectively, the Continuum had become too firmly  
entrenched on its home ground. The Technocracy simply could not 
afford to divert the manpower to destroy the Continuum and a 
stalemate was declared, even though the Continuum had managed to 
elaborate on their earlier theories and published the General Theory 
of Relativity in 1915.
    While Nexus and its Virtuals were obviously a valuable prize, 
the Technocracy realised (much to its chagrin) that the Continuum was 
more valuable alive, since they had absolutely no interest in the 
Ascension War and served a useful purpose by combatting the Nephandi 
as and when they appeared. Outright hostility between the two ceased, 
and Nexus was left to the Continuum, although covertly the 
Technocracy still seeks to somehow regain control of their seceded 
Convention and their Realm.
    Having no urge to participate in the Ascension War, the Continuum 
was not interested in joining the Traditions either, despite repeated 
attempts by the Council of Nine to persuade it to do so. Instead, the 
Continuum concentrated on the struggle against the Darkness. However, 
it has accepted Mages from the Traditions into its ranks and often 
allies with them where they have the same targets. It still does not 
trust the Technocracy, and their paths often cross. Encounters 
between the two often escalate into full-blown animosity. Despite the 
fact that the Continuum targets the Nephandi, Marauders, and Wraiths 
(forces that the Technocracy also consider dangerous), the 
Technocracy would rather deal with these themselves - killing the 
competition can only be an advantage. It is also rumoured that some 
elements within the Technocracy seek to use the Nephandi for their 
own ends, and as such would rather have these creatures alive. As a 
result, the Continuum has had to divert a siginificant part of its 
forces to defending itself from its former 'employer'. 
    As described above, the Continuum sees itself as separate from 
both the Traditions and the Technocracy. They view the Ascension War 
as a struggle in a burning house - Reality is under siege from 
beyond, and the only powers capable of protecting it are locked in 
their 'petty War'.     

    Today, the Continuum is a rather militaristic organisation. While 
there are many non-combatative personnel, its main focus is on the 
Perpetual War with the Darkness and the organisation's defence 
against the Technocracy. 
    The Continuum is divided into three main Branches. The most  
important branch (Repulsion Branch) is largely concerned with 
combating the Nephandi, who they see as dwelling 'beyond the corridor 
of Time'. Wherever the Nephandi break through into our reality, the 
Continuum is there to close the rift and destroy the intruders. The 
Continuum believes that the Traditions and the Technocracy are too 
busy fighting their Ascension War to realize the magnitude of this 
threat from outside. Repulsion Branch also often deals with Marauders 
and Wraiths where they prove too much for Target Neutralisation (see 
below).
    The other major branch of the Continuum is Intelligence 
Acquisition, which collects information against its enemies on Earth, 
and forecasts any future attacks using their Time magic. 
    Target Neutralisation applies the knowledge gathered by 
Intelligence Acquisition and is the part of the Continuum most 
commonly seen on Earth. This Branch most often works with Mages of 
other Traditions.


----------
Philosophy
----------

    REPULSION BRANCH: We must repel the Darkness at all costs. It is 
enough that it seeks to destroy reality - THEN where will the 
Traditions and the Technocracy fight their Ascension War? They can 
struggle against eachother for as long as they like, but in the end 
the forces from beyond the corridor of Time will devour all - while 
they fight eachother the Darkness can only gather its strength. Once 
both sides are weakened enough, it will step in and destroy 
everything they have fought for.  
    We must ensure that this never happens. Since neither side wishes 
to listen to reason, it is left to us to fend off the Dark Ones' 
continuous attacks. We have held them off so far, but how long can 
we continue without the full attention of our allies? No matter - we 
have a mission to protect the Corridor. Should we fall, reality will 
be left wide open. Perhaps then our 'allies' will realise the folly 
of their ways.....  

    INTELLIGENCE ACQUISITION: We are the advance guard of the 
Continuum. Should there be an assault against us, we will know of it 
long before its initiation. We are the early warning system of 
Reality, forever vigilant for Nephandi attack. We have a job to do, 
and we do it well.

    TARGET NEUTRALISATION: We are the Front Line in this reality. We 
seek and destroy the enemies of the Continuum on Earth, and we secure 
and protect its allies. 


------------
Organisation
------------
  
    REPULSION BRANCH: It is believed that this Branch of the 
Continuum is directed by the Oracles in person, whoever they might 
be. Certainly, no Repulsion Branch Agent knows the origins of his or 
her mission orders - and no Agent ever questions them. They know the 
gravity of their situation, and do what must be done. Agents simply 
receive their orders - strangely, they are completely unaware as to 
how they know their mission. All they know is that they have been 
briefed before the mission, and will be de-briefed afterwards.  
    There are two types of Repulsion Branch Agent - the Field 
Operatives and the Specialists. Much of the mission work is done by 
the Field Ops - should a situation get out of control, the Field Ops 
can call in the Specialists to patch things up. Specialists are 
usually the Adepts and Masters of their field, while Field Ops have 
Sphere levels between 1 and 3.  
    Field Ops are frequently assigned in pairs or threes. These 
partnerships are usually fixed, until one partner is killed or lost 
in action. The ability to work as part of a team is essential to 
Repulsion Branch Agents, and each Agent's magical abilities 
frequently complement those of the other team-members. Specialists 
work alone, but are never dispatched into the field unless called 
upon by the Field Ops.
    The Earth Section of the Repulsion Branch is but the final 
obstacle for any invaders. Most of the Repulsion Branch guards the 
Horizon into the Deep Umbra, continually fending off assault from  
the Nephandi. Occasionally, some slip through the net and must be 
stopped by Earth Section (usually from within our own reality) before 
damage is done. Earth Section closely liases with Target Acquisition.

    INTELLIGENCE ACQUISITION: Intelligence Acquisition is based 
primarily on Earth, and is organized in a similar fashion to  
military intelligence gathering organisations. It is important to 
realise that this part of the Continuum takes part in both 
intelligence acquisition (through Time, Chaos (Entropy) and Mind 
effects) AND in Target Neutralisation, which takes out the perceived 
threat. Neutralisation Agents frequently have potent Forces, Matter, 
and Life scores in order to best affect any opponents. While 
Intelligence Acquisition focuses on any forthcoming attacks, any 
extra-dimensional assault (ie. Nephandi) is directed to Repulsion 
Branch, while any attacks from within Reality (ie. Technomancer) are 
directed to Target Neutralisation.

    TARGET NEUTRALISATION: Target Neutralisation is based exclusively 
on Earth, and deals with the enemies of the Continuum therein. As 
such, they are not quite as specialised as Repulsion Branch, as they 
have to deal with the Technocracy, Wraiths and the odd Marauder. In 
addition, they must acquire certain targets alive (such as new 
recruits for the Continuum) and protect them from their enemies.
Target Neutralisation is a highly militaristic organisation, which 
liases closely with the Earth Section of Repulsion Branch.


--------  
Meetings
--------
  
    REPULSION BRANCH: Much of Repulsion Branch is based in Nexus, 
in the Home Chantry of Central Office. The Specialists and Field Ops 
of the Repulsion Branch are despatched from here to Main Corridor 
(Earth) or to one of the Virtuals or Realms which are under attack by 
the Darkness. Some Repulsion Agents are based on Earth, often in 
other Chantries. They often work in teams of two or three, and often 
work with Target Neutralisation Agents.

    INTELLIGENCE ACQUISITION: Acquisition Chantries (called Stations) 
are located in many of the occupied Realms of Main Corridor, as well 
as in the Near Umbra and Earth itself. A complex network of sensors
and look-outs around each Station provides the information that is 
relayed to the Repulsion and Target Neutralisation branches.

    TARGET NEUTRALISATION: Target Neutralisation are often associated 
with members of other Traditions in Chantries on Earth. These are sent 
out as Strike Teams to the Target Location in order to neutralise the 
target if hostile, or acquire the target if 'friendly'. Out of 
mission time, these Agents can continue their normal research.


----------
Initiation
----------  

    REPULSION BRANCH: Intelligence Acquisition keeps an eye out for 
any Sleepers who have had experience with the Nephandi and survived 
to tell the tale. While they may be in deep shock from this 
experience, it has been shown that in some it goes some way to 
awakening their Avatars - they begin to question what they have 
seen, which is the first step to becoming Sapient. Although they 
often eventually recover from the ordeal, they become perfect 
targets for either the Technocracy, looking for more Avatars to swell 
their ranks, or Nephandi eager to finish what they started. 
Acquisition dispatches Target Neutralisation teams to escort the 
'Initiate' to Central Office, the Continuum's Chantry located in 
Nexus, Main Corridor's Shade Realm of Time, where he or she is 
introduced to the ways of the Continuum and fully Awakened. Those who 
do not Awaken as a result of their brush with the Nephandi are 
usually held as Acolytes for the other Branches.
    In addition, many Mages voluntarily join Repulsion Branch from 
Target Neutralisation or even from other Traditions (although this is 
rare). They too are escorted to Central Office to undergo Training. 
   
    INTELLIGENCE ACQUISITION: This is a much more open Branch of the   
Continuum. It approaches those in other Traditions who choose to 
specialise in Time and Mind and requests that they join this Branch. 
It also keeps an eye out for Sleepers who self-awaken and show 
aptitude in the Time Sphere - it then picks them up (usually with a 
Target Neutralisation team) before the Technocracy can get hold of 
them.  

    TARGET NEUTRALISATION: Many of the Agents who join Repulsion 
Branch work in Target Neutralisation first, honing their skills on 
more mundane enemies than the Darkness. Some remain in Target 
Neutralisation, training others who come to join the Front Line on 
Earth.


-----------------
OTHER INFORMATION
-----------------

  Chantry: The main Chantry for the Repulsion Branch is at Central 
Office in Nexus, the Shade Realm of Time. Intelligence Acquisition  
and Target Neutralisation are based on Earth, and they share a main 
Chantry which is located in London, England.    

  Acolytes: Repulsion: None. All members of Repulsion Branch are 
                       fully Awakened.
            Int.Acq.: Detectives, Policemen, Public Records Clerks.
            Target Acquisition: Soldiers, Armed Forces, Survivalists. 
           
    Sphere: Time. All Agents receive some training in the Sphere 
of Time, but many of the other Spheres are also extensively 
studied. Many Target Neutralisation Mages concentrate on Forces, 
Correspondence, and Matter to attack or protect their targets. 
Intelligence Acquisition Mages usually also specialise in Entropy 
(Chaos) to best assess probabilities and Mind. Repulsion Branch 
Agents usually have high scores in Correspondence, Mind, and Forces. 
Spirit is also popular among all Continuum Agents in order to enter 
and leave the Umbra.

Foci: Since they have spent a few hundred years as members of the 
Technocracy, Continuum Agents require foci for all their effects 
until their Arete reaches 5.

        Correspondence/Mind/Prime/Spirit    Meditation                
        Forces/Matter/Life                  Weapon
        Entropy                             Calculator  
        Time                                Timepiece  

Meditation: Observation is the key to Continuum Magick (see the 
Paradigm Page below). An Agent has merely to concentrate for a few 
seconds to Observe the desired effect for it to occur. This requires 
at least one round of meditation per Sphere dot, and one point in the 
Meditation skill (regardless of the level of the effect).
    Note that Countermagick can be cast in the same round as the 
incoming effect, and does not require such meditation. Fastcasting is 
also possible, and allows the effect to be cast in one round with a 
penalty of +1 to the difficulty. All Spheres that do not need a 
physical focus (ie. Correspondence/Mind/Prime/Spirit) can only be 
cast through meditation.

Calculator: Chaos and Entropy calculations must be done on some form 
of calculating device, be it abacus, calculator, or computer.    

Timepiece: Frequently, this is a pocket watch of some sort, though 
some Agents prefer a digital watch. This helps to focus the Agent's 
mind on the Observation of Time. It is a unique item.

Weapon: This is often a high-tech weapon of some sort, and is unique 
to each effect. Continuum Agents are completely incapable of using 
Matter, Forces, or Life without the relevant weapon (which is in fact 
a unqiue talisman). Thus, to fire a laser at a target, the Agent 
needs his Laser Rifle, which is a Forces 3 Prime 2 device. Each 
device is a unique item. The rules for these are similar to those for 
the devices of the Sons of Ether.


Concepts: Soldier, Information Gatherer, Secret agent, detective, 
anyone who's discovered things they weren't meant to know.  
  

Quote: 'Dark forces are at work here.....and they're very cunning so 
far. This could be a trap...'  

  
-----------   
STEREOTYPES   
-----------
    The Continuum's opinion of the Traditions is descibed below. The 
Traditions' opinion of the Continuum is denoted in parentheses below 
this. [Note that many of the subtraditions here can be found in the 
various Mage Archives on the Net].


AKASHIC BROTHERHOOD, VERBENA, CULT OF ECSTASY: They are too wrapped 
up in their own primitive views of reality to see the threat from 
beyond.     
>(They overestimate the magnitude of the Nephandi threat. Our 
immediate struggle against the Technocracy is much more important).  


CELESTIAL CHORUS: They are far too focused on their 'One', and are 
worryingly ecclesiastical. However, they can be quite useful allies 
in the Perpetual War.
>(They are committed fulltime to the destruction of demons and 
devils. This can only be good. We are not blind to the threat from 
beyond).

  
DREAMSPEAKERS: They know of the Nephandi threat but focus too much on 
the Earth. They should realise that Earth is but part of Main 
Corridor, which will be destroyed should the Nephandi break through. 
Still, we respect their views - after all, their existence means that 
we can devote less troops to protecting the Earth itself.  
>(They speak wisely of the threat from the Nephandi, but we are 
powerless to aid them at the front line of the Horizon. It is our 
place to protect Gaia from harm, and their to guard the Near Umbra).  


EUTHANATOS: A worrying group of fanatics and murderers. Despite their 
<ahem> good intentions, many are prime targets for corruption by the 
Darkness. Most of them seem to attract ghosts like moths to a flame, 
which we must endeavour to extinguish.
>(Close-minded scientists! They think we are agents of darkness!! 
Don't make me laugh... There's nothing wrong with what we do. They 
overestimate the threat of the Nephandi!)
 
NECROMANCERS: These blind fools serve the Darkness! We aim to locate 
and destroy all their cursed artefacts, and have diverted several 
task forces to such missions.  
>(A constant thorn in our sides. Fortunately, they seem to be making 
no more headway in their quest to seek and destroy the Pages than we 
are in finding them ourselves).    

  
ORPHANS  
Hollow Ones: A sad indication of the state of human society today. 
Regardless, the existence of this group and of other Orphans is 
something that we did not foresee. Clearly, something important is 
about to happen....  
>(Protect us from the Nephandi? Don't bother, they've been with us 
for ages.....)    

Discordians: Pointless buffoons.  
>(Continuum? We don't need no stinking Continuum! Eris will be there 
for us, or maybe she'll be brushing her teeth at the time. What do we 
care anyway?!)    

Cerebus: Interesting and useful individuals - we could do with some 
of them in Acquisition.  
>(Another reject from the Technocracy? Boy, there's really something 
wrong with those bastards if they lose three Conventions in a hundred 
years! But anyway, this lot aren't actually that bad - we help 
eachother quite a bit actually).    

Sons Of Jupiter: They fight the War against the Nephandi in their own 
way, but are too easily distracted by the Chimerae and their ancient 
artefacts. If only they'd focus on the Horizon instead...  
>(They may not realise it, but we're allies in the Eternal War - any 
help is appreciated in our struggle. They do seem a little distant - 
perhaps they have focussed too long on the Deep Umbra).  
  
Trenchcoaters: Unfortunately, there are always a few who get away - 
most of these should be in Repulsion Branch. Still, they at least 
tolerate us, which is an improvement on their relations with the 
other Traditions.  
>(They're a useful alternative to us, and they want to protect 
reality as much as we do, but they're really off this planet. Still, 
we can get along since most of them have also seen the horrors that 
are really out there, poor sods).

Wanderers: Nice idea, but just seeing what's out there doesn't stop 
its destruction. Action is more important than plain experience. 
Still, the ones that roam the Umbra are at least aware of the 
problem.  
>(It's a dirty job, but SOMEBODY'S gotta do it, I suppose!)  

  
ORDER OF HERMES  
The Five Houses: Fascinating history, but all too often their power 
is directed inwards rather than outwards to the protection of 
reality.  
>(While the threat is real, we must focus on this Reality. Let the 
Continuum deal with the Nephandi).  
  
Goetia: Given their past record, we don't trust this group one bit. 
Whenever one of their Dark Magi shows up, we're always there to 
destroy them. It's bad enough that the Nephandi can force their way 
through, but an open doorway into our reality is totally intolerable. 
>(Goetia: They've just got it in for us - we dumped all that demonic 
stuff long ago).  
>(Dark Magi: Another one of our myriad of mortal enemies - they are 
fools if they think they can stop us, like all the others).  
  
Cabalists: Their magic is unusual. They are slightly sympathetic to 
our cause, and combat the Nephandi in their own way.  
>(Any defenders of reality against the Qlippoth are worthy of 
respect. Theirs is a lonely and dangerous path, but one in which must 
ultimately tread as well).    

Enochians: More unusual magics. We are not entirely certain of the 
origin of the Enochians' spirits, and there is a suspicion that they 
may well be disguised Nephandi. We have them under constant 
surveillance.  
>(They are somewhat suspicious of us for some undeserved reason. This 
is not appreciated, but our way is bound to draw fear from the 
ignorants).    

Rosicrucians: Another pointless group. All their secrets cannot 
protect them should the demons come knocking on their doors.  
>(Useful but somewhat esoteric. I wonder who watches these Watchmen?) 
   
  
SONS OF ETHER: They have their uses, and were once our brothers. 
Their devices are without rival. However, they are still too 
complacent with regards to the threat of the Darkness.  
>(We'll deal with the Nephandi as and when they appear. Of course, to 
have this lot get there first saves us a lot of bother).  
  
  
VIRTUAL ADEPTS: We saw this little Schism from our former 'employers' 
coming. Their ideas of virgin new Virtual Worlds are interesting, but 
should we fall their worlds will be destroyed as surely as our own.  
>(The Continuum have got it all wrong - our worlds can survive 
anything the Nephandi throw at them).  
  



=====================================================================
=====================================================================
THE CONTINUUM PARADIGM PAGE               by Constantine Thomas 
=====================================================================
=====================================================================
 
    NOTE: The Paradigm as described here is probably only important to 
Agents of the Repulsion Branch. Continuum Agents within Intelligence 
Acquisition and Target Neutralisation tend to be more 'Earthbound' 
than those in Repulsion Branch, so many 'round down' their personal 
paradigms to a much less esoteric level. For example, a Target 
Neutralisation agent is probably more likely to just Teleport (ie. 
think 'I need to get from A to B in no time at all' and then 
teleport) than to think about exactly how he is moving across the 
Corridor in a Space-Like Path. As a result, Repulsion Branch Agents 
sometimes think they take their job much more seriously than their 
Acquisition/Neutralisation counterparts.....  
 
The Paradigm 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
    The Corridor: Reality is an endless Corridor, with time as its  
length and space as its width. The Corridor is under constant attack  
from the Darkness beyond its walls and its agents within. The walls  
of the Corridor must be continually guarded, and any holes in its  
walls must rapidly be sealed before any permanent damage is done. 
 
 
Magick 
~~~~~~ 
    Observation: An Accepter [Sleeper], sees events around him as  
they have been defined by the Observations of other, more astute  
Observers [Mages] - observing an event fixes it in time and space  
(ie. the Corridor). Observers are able to see what they want to see,  
thus fixing events in the Corridor according to their own 
requirements.   


Spheres 
~~~~~~~ 
 
 o Correspondence: Space-Like Paths (Sidestep). By travelling along  
a 'space-like' path (effectively, by moving sideways) in the 
Corridor, an Observer can bypass Time and travel great distances 
instantaneously. By shifting one's perceptions along the width of the 
Corridor, an Observer can sense distant events and locations. By  
reaching across the Corridor, an Observer can physically affect these 
distant locations. 
    Note that it is not possible for Accepters to travel across the 
Corridor in this way - the closest they can ever get is the 
theoretical maximum of the speed of light (c), which itself cannot  
travel across the Corridor instantaneously. However, acceleration to  
such velocities warps the fabric of the Corridor such that Special  
Relativistic effects can occur to slow the subjective passage of  
time. Observers travel on Space-Like Paths so both t (absolute travel 
Time) and Tau (subjective travel Time) = 0. 
 
 o Entropy (Chaos): Quantum Mechanics. By observing events at the
Quantum Level, an Observer can control probability and randomness. 
 
 o Mind: Opinion. One of the more esoteric concepts within the  
Paradigm of the Corridor - since observation defines reality, opinion 
of what one sees plays a critical role in determining what one has  
just seen. Thus, opinion is also a vital factor in fixing reality. 
 
 o Prime: The Flow. All things are pushed in one direction through  
the Corridor - the current that drives them is the Flow. By 
increasing or decreasing the density of the Flow through an object, 
it can be more or less firmly anchored to the Corridor. Decreasing 
the Flow density causes an object to become inherently unstable, 
until it completely discorporates when the density reaches zero. 
 
 o Spirit: Opening the doors. There are many 'side doors' in the  
Corridor, through which branch corridors with differing parameters to 
our own may be entered. It is believed that other Corridors (as  
opposed to Branches) do exist, presumably also under constant siege  
from the Darkness in which they rest.
  
 o Time: The Corridor. The infinite length of Corridor itself  
represents Time. The Flow passes through everything within the  
Corridor. While manipulation of the density of this Flow affects an  
object's inherent stability, the Flow also imparts a FORCE to the  
object while it passes through it (that is not related to its 
density) that pushes it along the Corridor. This force is uni-
directional in Main Corridor - it only pushes the object in one 
direction (forwards through time). Manipulation of this force 
affects the speed at which  an object travels down the Corridor. 
    Increasing the forward motion makes Time pass at a faster  
subjective rate - decreasing the forward motion makes Time pass at a 
subjectively slower rate. Anchoring the object to Corridor so that  
it has no forward motion freezes that object in Time. Experiments are 
curretly underway to reverse the direction of motion in a test 
object, but all attempts so far have failed - the reversal of 
causality (cause and effect) that results creates a Singularity 
since such phenomena are not stable in the Corridor. 
 
 
Patterns  
~~~~~~~~ 
 o Forces: Interaction. All forces (Gravity, Electromagnetic, Strong  
and Weak) are manifestations of unseen interactions between 
particles. Only in certain circumstances do these interactions 
manifest as real particles such as photons and electrons. By 
Observing these interactions, an Observer can influence the forces 
that affect the macro/microscopic world.  

 o Matter: Mass-energy. E = mc^2. Mass has energy, and energy has  
mass. All physical objects, whether solid, liquid, gaseous, or  
plasma, possess this mass-energy. Observers can convert ambient  
energy into mass (transferring it from extremely distant parts of  
the Corridor to their present location if necessary) and fashion this 
into any material they desire through Observation and opinion. Note  
that the total amount of mass-energy in the Universe is constant, so  
even Observers cannot spontaneously create mass-energy - it must  
exist already in another form. 
    [Note that this is just background - in reality, Matter as used  
by a Continuum Agent will itself draw the energy from elsewhere in  
the Universe (say, a cloud of interstellar gas a thousand light-years 
away, or the air around the targeted object) to create the material/ 
object. Correspondence or Mind is NOT required to use Matter)]. 
 
 o Life: Mass-energy. Living beings are still constructed of basic  
matter, but this interacts in a complex (biochemical) manner to fuel  
the body. Affecting Living creatures requires more finesse and  
concentration than that required for non-living material, and by  
necessity the problem must be approached from a separate direction.  
    [Life is affected in a similar way to Matter, but since living  
bodies are much more complex than non-living material, a new approach 
must be set up in the Observer's mind - hence, Life is a separate  
Sphere to Matter). 
 
 
Arete 
~~~~~ 
    Astuteness. More Astute Observers can understand the Corridor  
better by seeing in more detail. Observers become more astute through 
experience - by noticing the subtle nuances in every Observation. 
 
 
Quintessence 
~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
    Energy. Energy is an unusual quantity. While in the conventional  
universe it manifests as a force or as mass, the truth is much deeper 
than this. Energy is in fact a physical manifestation of the density 
of the Flow, the current that perpetually pushes events forwards in 
time along the Corridor. In the physical world, the Energy Density 
of the flow can manifest in many forms in the right circumstances. 
This Energy can be used to back up Observations, ensuring they are  
perceived correctly. 
 
 
Paradox 
~~~~~~~ 
    Singularity: Instabilities created by poorly Observed events in  
the Corridor result in the creation of Singularities [Paradox Flaws 
and Spirits]. In some cases, the disturbance is so severe that Naked  
Singularities arise, which necessitate the creation of an Event 
Horizon around the Observer which shields the surrounding Corridor 
from the instability [ie. a Paradox Realm - since nothing originating 
in the Corridor can penetrate an Event Horizon, the Paradox is 
enclosed and Reality is effectively shielded from the instability 
while the Observer negotiates the Paradox Realm set up within the 
Event Horizon].  
 
 
Awakening/Ascension 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
    Sapience (Sagacity): Accepters who start to question what they  
see become Sapient. By doubting the Observations of others instead of 
just accepting them, they formulate their own Opinion and so become  
Observers themselves.  
    It should be noted that the Continuum does not believe in  
Ascension. The struggle against the Darkness is continuous, and so 
can never have such a culmination [other than the total destruction 
of Main Corridor]....

 
Mage-Specific Backgrounds 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
 o Arcane: Covering the Tracks. Observers are capable of seeing  
reality in its true form - the Corridor. By looking behind them [in  
the past], they can cover their tracks so they pass with very little  
trace along the Corridor. 
 
 o Avatar: Dense Flow. Observers exist because the Flow through them  
is denser than the Flow through normal Accepters. In addition,  
Observers can draw upon this excess density as a kind of Energy  
'battery' with which to back up their Observations. 
 
 o Destiny: Recognition. Some Observers are simply very good at what  
they do, or show a faint hint of extraordinary talent - as such, they 
deserve recognition. 
 
 o Dream: Scanning the Corridor. Since the Corridor contains 
everything that will be, is, or has been in existence, it is possible 
to scan its contents (at least in the immediate vicinity) for 
knowledge that the Observer may require. 
 
 o Node: Energy Concentrations. The Flow through some regions of the  
Corridor is denser than normal - more Energy can thus manifest in 
these locations. 
 

================================== 
VIEWS ON OTHER MAGE-RELATED ISSUES 
==================================

TERMINOLOGY:    Metaverse: The sum of reality - the Metaverse can be  
                thought of as an infinite region of Darkness, within 
                which are suspended the Corridors. 
 
                Corridor: A single universe, with all its branches 
                (Realms). Arcadia is a Corridor.
                
                Main Corridor: Our own Universe, encompassing all the 
                Realms and the Near Umbra.

                Nexus: Main Corridor's Shade Realm of Time, the 
                Chantry Realm of the Continuum                

                Virtuals: The alternate universes that can be 
                accessed only from Nexus.

                The Perpetual War: The continuing defense of Main 
                Corridor against the Darkness.


    NEPHANDI: The Darkness. The raison d'etre of the Continuum, the 
Nephandi are the Darkness that surrounds the Corridor. Like the 
Corridor itself, this Darkness appears to have always existed, and 
has always acted to destroy it. The Continuum believes that the 
Darkness represents the natural state of the Metaverse, with the 
Corridors being unstable imperfections in its fabric. As a result, 
the laws of reality always try to correct these flaws by destroying 
them. However, the destruction of the Corridors would be the 
destruction of all reality - absolute Oblivion.
    As such, the Continuum continually acts to defend the integrity  
of the Corridor from the 'corrective forces' of the Darkness and any 
who would aid them. The Nephandi themselves are the physical  
representations of these forces. Since the Darkness is infinite, the 
Continuum never seeks to 'win' the war against it - its actions are 
entirely defensive, striking the Nephandi as and when they attack 
Main Corridor.

 
    THE UMBRA: The Penumbra represents the periphery of the Corridor, 
nearest its walls. Since the Corridor is infinite in length and 
width, only Observers (not Accepters) can perceive its Walls. By 
entering the Periphery, an Observer can easily find doors into Branch 
Corridors, while at the same time being able to perceive 'normal'  
reality. By entering these side doors, Observers can enter other  
Realms in the Umbra. In some places, doors may lead directly into the 
Darkness that surrounds the Corridor [ie. the Deep Umbra]. Such doors 
are sought out and are continually guarded, since they present an  
obvious route for the Darkness to enter the Corridor. More adventurous 
Observers claim to have seen other Corridors [ie. Realms in the Deep 
Umbra] suspended in the Darkness around our own, but the Continuum 
cannot afford to expend its limited resources by investigating them 
and defending our own at the same time. It is assumed that these 
other Corridors are also under siege by the Darkness. 

 
    WRAITHS: The Continuum holds what appears to be a violently 
paranoid opinion of Wraiths - it actively seeks and destroys them  
wherever they exist! In their view, when something dies it may leave  
an Imprint of itself [ie. a Wraith] on reality - a good analogy would 
be to equate the Imprint to an after-image left on the retina after a 
bright light is shone into one's eyes.  
    The Continuum perceives these Imprints as a very real threat to  
the Corridor's integrity, for it is through them that its walls 
become weakened, allowing the Darkness outside easier passage to
reality. By resonating with the Imprint's desires, the invader can  
manifest itself within the Corridor. Lingering memories and desires,  
nursery rhymes, and even old photographs have proven to be a major  
thorn in the side of the Continuum as it fends off attempts by the  
Darkness to break through the weakened walls.  
    There is much debate on whether or not these Imprints are 
sentient. Some argue that Imprints are just that - emotional after-
images left on reality, with no sentience or intelligence. Others 
(especially those who have come face-to-face with Wraiths) believe 
that they are indeed sentient, but can be driven, used, or tricked by 
the Darkness into acting as a gateway into the Corridor. All factions 
believe that while these Imprints may or may not be a direct threat, 
they remain a weak link through which the Darkness can break through, 
so they should be removed wherever found. Some Agents actively seek 
and destroy Fetters in order to loosen the bonds of a Wraith to the 
Living World.  
    [In game terms, the Continuum sees Wraiths as a direct link to  
the forces of Oblivion, toys to be used by the Darkness to penetrate  
the walls of the Corridor. It should be noted that the Underworld has 
not been discovered by the Continuum, and cannot be accounted for  
within its Paradigm.  
    Chronicles involving the interaction/confrontation between 
Wraiths and Continuum Agents (especially Repulsion Branch) are 
potentially the most interesting of all. Inspiration can be found in 
the early 1980's British Sci-Fi Series 'Sapphire and Steel', starring 
Joanna Lumley and David MacCallum. Indeed, the Paradigm of the 
Continuum is extrapolated from information hinted at in the six 
adventures that made up this series - Adventure 2 in particular is a 
very good example of Wraiths being used by the Darkness for its own 
ends. As an aside, Sapphire and Steel themselves can be considered as 
Repulsion Branch Field Ops (with Lead and Silver (who also appear in 
the series occasionally) as Repulsion Branch Specialists)].


    GAROU: The Continuum is neutral to the Garou, primarily because 
it knows so little about them. The Continuum views the Garou as 
natural hybrids of the forces within this Corridor and its Branches, 
since they exist at or near the Periphery (ie. the Walls of the 
Corridor). If the Continuum knew enough Garou cosmology, they would 
probably believe that the Wyrm is yet another manifestation of the 
Darkness. It is not certain that the Garou are aware of the existence 
of the Continuum, but where they can, the two sides prefer to leave  
eachother to fight their own battles with the Darkness on their own  
terms. 

 
    VAMPIRES: While the existence of Vampires is rumoured, the 
Continuum knows too little about these creatures to draw an opinion. 
The general consensus is that they are a form of unusual but natural 
lifeform unique to our own Corridor, possibly forming when an Accepter 
dies while becoming Sapient to create a partially-Sapient creature. 
All of this is conjecture - if truth be told, Vampires are a largely 
unknown quantity to the Continuum. However, it is believed that there 
is no connection between the Darkness and these entities. Wherever 
possible, Vampires should be studied (carefully!) by Continuum 
Agents, although their paths rarely cross. Nevertheless, the 
Continuum is aware that some of these creatures actively aiding the 
Darkness, and tries to seek and destroy them when they can.


    SPIRITS: Inhabitants of our Branch Corridors. The Continuum is 
curious as to the nature of these creatures and how they interact 
with our own Corridor. However, it is aware that some of these beings 
either willingly or unwillingly serve the Darkness, so it treads very 
carefully when dealing with them. All attempts are of course made to  
destroy any who do serve the Darkness. 

 
    CHANGELINGS AND FAERIES: The Continuum is aware of the existence 
of these creatures, and studies them wherever possible. Faeries
themselves are cited as proof of the existence of other Corridors,  
and are believed to originate from a 'nearby' Corridor. Changelings  
appear to be exiles from this other Corridor, believed to be known as 
'Arcadia'. Very little is known about the Arcadia Corridor, and some  
Observers believe it to have once been a Branch of our own. How and  
when it separated from our own would be of great interest to the  
Continuum if it had the time to study it. 

 
    SLEEPERS: Accepters. Those whose lack Sapience and so are unable  
to Observe the Corridor. Accepters merely accept the Observations of  
others as fact (hence their name). However, while they are incapable  
of forming their OWN opinion and making their OWN Observations, they  
are capable of instinctively Contradicting observations made by 
Observers that go against their accepted world-view. Such 
Contradiction is dangerous to careless Observers, as it can set up  
Singularities and Event Horizons to plague them - by making 
Observations that can fit in to an Accepter's world-view, an Observer 
can avoid these problems.  


    TECHNOCRACY: Prior to the Age of Reason, the Continuum did 
not exist as an organisation. When the Technocracy formed, the 
like-minded Mages that had been defending reality from the Darkness 
beyond came together, believing that the Technocracy appeared to have 
similar goals to their own. They formed the Continuum within this 
organization, and learned much from it. Unfortunately, the 
Technocracy quickly became too wrapped up in their attempts to 
completely `define' reality, and so the Continuum lost interest in 
them. The `accidental' publication of the Special Theory of 
Relativity in 1905 was done partially out of spite to them. The  
Continuum had been restrained and obstructed for too long, and saw  
that the Technocracy did not take the defence of the Corridor 
seriously. When they realised that Relativity had been released to  
the `Masses' far earlier than they wanted it to, the Technocracy 
attempted (and failed) to destroy the Continuum. As it is, they 
still prove a constant thorn in the Continuum's sides even today, 
obstructing them at every count. 

 
    MARAUDERS: The Continuum is not entirely certain of the origin of 
this bizarre group of Observers. It is believed that they are from 
our own Corridor, and represent Observers who have become Sapient 
in a highly stressful environment. Some believe they have come face 
to face with the Darkness and have been driven insane by it. 
Certainly, the Darkness holds many alien horrors that can drive even 
Observers insane - even Continuum Agents do not enter it without 
substantial protection. 
    Marauders are a constant thorn in the Continuum's side. 
Originating in Main Corridor, they are fully capable of entering 
Nexus and the Virtuals, which they see as a playground of sorts. They 
have contaminated a significant number of inhabited Virtuals, which 
the Continuum actively tried to prevent. 
    In addition, the Marauders' disruptive activities can provide 
gateways into Main Corridor for the Darkness to enter, so the 
Continuum makes every effort to drive them back from whence they 
came.


    THE TRADITIONS: The Continuum sees itself as separate but 
allied to this this group of Observers, since it now has much more in 
common with them than the Technocracy. Most of the Traditions are 
too focused in their `struggle' against the Technocracy, which serves 
no purpose - who would be left to pat the winner on the back should 
the Corridor collapse to the Darkness? The Continuum believes they 
should focus instead on the real enemy - the Darkness. Many of the 
Traditions leave the Continuum alone, and while some do not trust 
them, they do acknowledge that someone has to take the defence of 
reality seriously. However, only the Celestial Chorus, Dreamspeakers 
and Cabalists are sometimes helpful to their cause in their own way. 
Ideally, the Continuum would gladly see some Traditions destroyed 
outright - the Necromancers and some Goetics actively aid or seek the 
Darkness, which cannot be tolerated. The Continuum distinctly 
distrusts the Euthanatos, believing they deal too much with Wraiths 
and so are a threat to the stability of the Corridor.


    THE ASCENSION WAR: The Ascension War between the Traditions and  
the Technocracy is something that never ceases to amaze the 
Continuum. They liken it unto a battle in a burning house, with the  
walls collapsing all around the combatants. The Continuum believes  
that both factions should cease their childish bickering and pitiful  
powerplays and devote themselves to the defence of the Corridor 
against the Darkness outside.  

=====================================================================

