Memorandum From Overseer@10000100.11110110.00001010.00000111
 to John.Smith@reports.nwo.gov

One of the group reported this 2.0456 minutes ago.  It is important.

--- Included message:  -------------------------------------------------
 Memorandum From 1111100000@10000100.11110110.00001010.00000111
  to Overseer@10000100.11110110.00001010.00000111

 I am 1111100000.  I have a report of an unconventional thought I had
 today.  After this report I will report to mindwipe, as is required,
 but this information may bear analysis and scrutiny.

 Allow me to speak.. frankly for a few moments.

 Our research into multiprocessor, distributed parallel program
 execution has given me a potential insight into the working of
 the Enemy (ref. "Traditions, The").

 No one has been able to identify the members of the Council of Nine,
 or even verify the Council's existance.  I believe I have a possible
 reason.

 In parallel, distributed processing, we seek to increase the
 output of the total machine by performing several small tasks
 simultaneously on several smaller machines.  As you know, this
 is our model of an efficient society, and we are analysing its
 potentials.  The centralized machine does not exist, but rather
 the machine is the sum of all the smaller sub-machines.

 It occured to me that this might be the model that the Enemy uses 
 for its organization:  in short, there is no centralized Council 
 of Nine, but several Councils of Nine, made up of informal groups 
 of Enemy members.  This would be why no particular people could be 
 identified as the Council members, because there are none.

 The Councils are each independant yet related, each formed from
 members of each Tradition.  The "Council of Nine" may also simply
 mean the coming together of the Nine Traditions, in a general
 sense.

 This is my thought.  I will now report for manditory mindwipe.

--- End Included message --------------------------------------------

I have detained 1111100000 from mindwipe at this time, because I believe
this may be a significant insight into the Traditions' style of 
organization.  Perhaps there never even was a Council, but rather
they are discussing the combined Council of Nine Traditions.  To whom,
then are the Traditions a council?

I await your recommendations.

---------------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Memorandum from Director44@actions.nwo.gov
 to Overseer@10000100.11110110.00001010.00000111

I am in charge of this research program now.  Detain 1111100000 until
one of our agents retrieves him.  We believe this is a valid topic of
research and thank you for your cooperation.



---------------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------------------

Memorandum From John.Smith@reports.nwo.gov
to Overseer@10000100.11110110.00001010.00000111

After debriefing 1111100000 (standard green, we have sent him back to
construct 10000100 according to standard procedures), we have come to the
following conclusions: 

The idea of 1111100000 seems to have been caused by a typical
DEI-associative cortex intuitive reaction with low chance of recurrence
unless subjected to high levels of stress. Correction (if desired) is most
probably trivial using standard procedures. 

That the so-called Council is divided into semi-independent units
synergetically linked has been suggested by other researchers and the
observational evidence cited by 1111100000. This is also supported by
Ivory Tower sociological models, which clearly show that it is extremely
unlikely that the various fractions of the Enemy could select
representatives which would be accepted or respected by all members (or a
sizeable fraction). In addition, the great geographic, cultural and
philosophical distances between such representatives would make
cooperation within the council impossible, and according to the models
only 15.4% of the Enemy reality deviants would accept them as leaders. 

However, according to information gathered from the criminals apprehended
in Operation Turtledove 1965, implies that there have been several
attempts to form similar groups, often encompassing only 2-4 of the known
fractions. One of the first attempts appears to be the incident with the
Rosicrucian Manifestos during the 16th century, which apparently was a
Rosicrucian attempt to create an alliance/armistice between members of the
Order of Reason, the hermetic tradition and the Church. This never
occurred, but the Rosicrucians (see database) appear to have continued
similar attempts up to this day, although our operatives have so far
prevented most of them. The Crowley affair seems to have ended this
strategy nicely. There have been known alliances between various fractions
of neo-shamanist, neo-pagan and counter-culture movements since the
sixties. 

Conclusion: The 'Council of Nine' is very improbable (p=0.21%), while the
parallel model of several councils have a much higher probability
(p=43.3%), especially in the light of historical data. That all these
councils would encompass members of all fractions of the Enemy is unlikely
(p=1.1%), and might be attributed to the symmetrization tendencies of unit
1111100000. The current model (see file C9_MODEL_45.4, sec clearance 32)
implies a network of councils, many of which claim to be the real council
for various reasons. Their mutual interactions form a complex structure
exhibiting self-organized criticality, which implies that their activities
can be disrupted using a Kolmogorov-Cohen strategy. 

One World. One Truth. One Reality. 




