From nv91-asa@black04.nada.kth.se Fri Oct 14 18:43:23 1994
Date: Fri, 14 Oct 1994 18:40:52 +0100 (MET)
From: Anders Sandberg <nv91-asa@black04.nada.kth.se>
Subject: Falcon Green, New World Order Agent
To: mage-l <mage-l@wizards.com>
Message-ID: <Pine.3.87.9410141852.A14507-0100000@black04.nada.kth.se>

Falcon Green

The New World Order has many agents, working in the field
to gather information, execute Its orders and eliminate Its
enemies.  Although some are Awakened or otherwise
augmented, many of the most efficient are in fact sleepers.
One such agent is code- named Falcon Green. 

Falcon is an average looking man, indeterminatedly aged and
with un-remarkable appearance. He is in a fairly good
shape, but hardly any bodybuilder. His hair is naturally
black, but just like his eye- colour its colour varies
depending on mission. He has usually no scars or other
distinguishing marks. 

What is special about Falcon is his mind. He has been
trained by the NWO to become the perfect agent. Before each
mission his old personality is erased, and replaced by a
new convincing personality complete with a faked
background, memories and personality quirks. Through the
years he has been many things and had lots of different
personalities. Someone who has met him as a mailman will
hardly recognise him as a banker. 

To protect him from mental scans he has been trained to
submerge his real goals and thoughts deep in his
subconscious. Most of the time he both thinks and acts
completely according to his role, and a mental scan will
only reveal his faked personality. Certain stimuli, like
coded orders hidden in newspapers or the sighting of
certain people bring the hidden parts of his mind into
focus. Another way of executing his orders is to influence
the conscious thoughts of his role from the subconscious
level. The mailman "accidentally" puts certain letters in
the wrong mailbox. The security guard overlooks that the
credentials of certain people are fakes and that some
people enter the building on very odd times. 

Falcon has very little left of his own personality now. He
does in fact not remember very much about himself at all,
except his latest missions (and usually these memories are
suppressed during duty, to prevent them from interfering).
He doesn't remember his own name very well, and he has no
idea about his childhood. On the other side, he has
experienced a lot during his missions and is extremely
skilled in many areas. He is equally able to assassinate a
politician as sell cars or write for a newspaper. He feels
happy when he can look back on a mission well done,
something which may be the result of NWO programming. 

It may seem surprising, but Falcon doesn't know very much
about the Technocracy. He has no real understanding of Its
goals or size, and he doesn't believe in magick (despite
that he has seen many strange things in Its service). After
his missions he is returned to a local NWO HQ, debriefed
and reprogrammed, and then his memory of the whole event is
blanked. Most of his "spare time" is spent living quiet,
unassuming lives in the anonymity of big cities. 


Falcon Green - NWO Operative

Nature: Perfectionist 
Demeanour: Varies depending on mission

Str:	***	Cha:	***	Per:	***
Dex:	***	Man:	****	Int:	***
Sta:	***	App:	**	Wit:	****

Alertness:***	Drive:		***	Computer:	***
Athletics:**	Etiquette:	****	Culture:	**
Awareness:**	Firearms:	****	Investigation:	****
Brawl:	****	Leadership:	*	Law:		**
Dodge:	**	Melee:		****	Lingustics:	***
Expression:*	Research:	*	Medicine:	*
Intuition:***	Stealth:	***	Occult:		**
Intimidation:**	Survival:	***	Science:	**
Streetwise:***	Technology:	***
Subterfuge:****

Falcon has no specialisations, since his main advantage is
to be as general as possible. He has no fixed backgrounds,
but can depending on mission have influence, allies,
contacts or resources. 


Willpower: 7

Falcon has a constant Mind effect which either hides his
real thoughts under innocuous thoughts, or encrypt them
completely. If a mage doesn't realise this, and uses Mind
on him, it will just affect his fake surface personality,
and can be overridden by the real Falcon at will. He has
also a secret subconscious order which will kill him if he
is ever captured and unable to resist interrogation. 


-----------------------------------------------------------------------
Anders Sandberg			 	  	     Towards Ascension!
nv91-asa@hemul.nada.kth.se   http://www.nada.kth.se/~nv91-asa/main.html
GCS/M/S/O d++ -p+ c++++ !l u+ e++ m++ s+/+ n--- h+/* f+ g+ w++ t+ r+ !y




