From nv91-asa@neva.nada.kth.se Mon Aug 22 16:13:51 1994
Date: Mon, 22 Aug 1994 16:05:35 +0200 (MET DST)
From: Anders Sandberg <nv91-asa@neva.nada.kth.se>
Subject: The Laws of Magick
To: mage-l@wizards.com
Message-ID: <Pine.3.87.9408221635.A7059-0100000@neva.nada.kth.se>

The Laws of Bonewits in Mage

Bonewits Laws of Magick are a set of very general "laws" of magick
which recur in most cultures. They can be used to flavour the magick of
Mage and make it more "real". Some parts already exist in the system,
while others can be added to create the right feel.  Different
traditions will of course emphasise different laws, which adds to the
feeling. Magick conforming to the laws will be easier to work and more
powerful, since it follows the way humans think more closely. The
descriptions of the laws below is taken from an old posting by Michael
Barlow in an Australian newsgroup, which have since then spread across
the net. 


The Law of Knowledge [Major Law]
--------------------------------
The most basic of laws. "Understanding brings control." Key phrase is:
"knowledge is power.". If you know all there is to know about something
then you have complete and total control over it. 

This mirrors the idea of spheres: if you understand a sphere, you can
control what it represents. A mage with Entropy 2 knows everything
about randomness and weaknesses, and can thus control them. 


The Law of Self-Knowledge [Sub-law of Law of Knowledge]
-------------------------------------------------------
The most important kind of knowledge is knowledge of oneself [aside:
this attitude is true for martial arts]. Key phrase is "Know thyself". 

This important, and tied to Arete. Many mages (especially extrovert
mages like the Sons of Ether and Hermetics) tend to overlook this, and
become masters of the external world while missing the internal world.
True Ascension can only be achieved by total knowledge of yourself and
the world (the same thing really). 

This is the main difference between mystics and mages. Mages generally
turn outwards, learning how to control the world and seeking to
understand it. Mystics turn inwards, and regard external pursuits as a
waste of time. 


Bonewits says of the above 2 laws: 

"All the other laws depend upon these two; it is wise to keep that in
mind at all times. I don't think these need any more explanation or
defence,...,we can go on to others."

The Law of Names [Sub-law of Law of Knowledge & Law of Association]
-------------------------------------------------------------------
Knowing the *complete* and *total* true name of a phenomenon or entity
gives you control over it. Key-phrase: "What's in a name? -
everything!". Example is Ursula Le Guin's Wizard of Earthsea,
traditional demonology etc. 

This is the main tenet of classic hermetic magick, and much of shamanism. If 
a mage knows the true name of something, it will be in his control. Knowing 
the true name of something would reduce the difficulty of a magickal 
operations quite a bit, and may be the only way to truly control (or destroy) 
certain beings or phenomena (like mummies, spirits and very powerful 
artefacts). Finding true names is of course quite hard, and different 
traditions have different methods. Dreamspeakes make journeys into the 
Umbra to seek out the spirits and ask them to reveal the name. Hermetic 
mages delve into ancient tomes, trying to find the true name recorded 
somewhere.



The Law of Words of Power [Sub-law of Law of Names]
---------------------------------------------------
There are certain words that are able to change and influence the inner
and outer reality of those saying them. The power is said to lie in the
sounds that compose the words. Related to mantras, magic spells (in the
typical say those words sense etc.). Key phrase is: "A word to the wise
is sufficient". 

Another hermetic thought, and also used by the Nephandi. "Barbarian
Invocations" is often used in magick. The mage chants ancient or
incomprehensible formulas, which by their incomprehensibility and
alienness gain power. Such invocations can be found in many libraries
or passed down the tradition. Some are tied into special rotes, making
them more powerful. Others are more general, and can be added into
magickal invocations. Such general barbarian invocations are quite
useful, empowering the magick, but also specialised a bit in their
uses. 

A barbarian invocation may call upon some almost forgotten gods, beings
or references, and thus color the magick with their personalities and
connotations. This may or may not be a good thing, depending on the use
of the magick. A Babylonian invocation to Marduk may empower magick
strengthening law and order, but would seriously disrupt any entropy
magick. A barbarian invocation of Gnostic deities (like "Abracadabra",
a distortion of the deity Abraxas) would not be suitable for magick
involving beings from Christian mythology. 


The Law of Association [Major Law]
----------------------------------
If two "things" have something in common then that common thing can be
used to control both. Also, the two things have a mutual influence on
each other, the degree of influence depending upon the "size" of the
thing shared (commonalty). Examples are hunters eating the liver or
heart of their prey to take their strength; the bread and wine of
Christian services as blood and flesh of Christ. Not used very often in
its "pure" form. Has two sub-laws which are heavily used; often by so
called "primitive" cultures. 

The Law of Similarity [Sub-law of Law of Association]
-----------------------------------------------------
The basis of "sympathetic magic"; effects resemble causes. Birds
feathers stuck to your broom might make it fly etc. Key phrase is
"Lookalikes are alike!"


This can be used to empower magick and encourage roleplaying. Just
waving a pentagram in the air to summon lightening is not as efficient
as throwing it to the ground, and a mage wishing to hurt someone using
Life may stab his footprint. 


The Law of Contagion [Sub-law of Law of Association; overlap with Law
of Similarity]
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Things once in contact continue to interact after separation. Emphasis
is on objects or people that have been in physical contact. An example
of the combination of the above 2 laws would be a voodoo curse of
someone. Make a doll to resemble them (Law of Similarity), stick bits
of hair, toe nail clippings etc. from the victim to it (Law of
Contagion) then away you go. Association can be used in reverse to
render an enemy powerless (e.g., Black Masses--> Christian pray in
reverse, inverted cross etc.). Bonewits states that the Laws of
Association are the most commonly used. Key phrase for Law of Contagion
is: "Power is contagious."

Quite obviously applicable to mage. 


The Law of Identification [Sub-law of Knowledge, Association, and
Personification]
-----------------------------------------------------------------
By maximum association between your created pattern and that of an
entity being "imitated" you can actually *become* that entity and wield
its power. An example of this in a FRP context is avatars, priests etc.
of a god. Bonewits states that the problem with this is that you can
become lost in the personality being "assumed". When it is only a
temporary identification this is possession. 

This can be used in interesting ways, not only for spiritual invocation
as opposed to evocation, which summons spirits into the outside world.
It is easier for the mage to *become* the being invoked, and thus draw
it inside himself than force it to appear outside. A common practice
among the Dreamspeakers and Verbena (Order of Hermes would never dream
about using this method!) This can also work for other effects. A mage
calling upon fire would become fire, dress in bright red, dance like
the flames and aggressively destroy things in the vicinity like the
devouring fire. This would make the magick much more powerful and
efficient, and maybe the mage partially immune to its effect since he
after all is fire too. 


The Law of Synthesis [ Independent Law?]
----------------------------------------
The Law of Union of Opposites. The combination of 2 opposites leads to
a 3'rd "thing" that is stronger/truer etc. than either of the 2
originals (sounds like a buddhist middle path to me :-() ). The new
idea/object etc. is not a compromise but something brand new. Key
phrase is "Synthesis reconciles."

Magick combining two opposites can become more powerful. A rather
mundane effect would be to make the head of someone positive and the
feet negative, causing a major electric discharge. A more deep use
would be to transmute the elements of magick by combining them with
their opposites to release their quintessence or the spirits imprisoned
inside. Another example would be to create a protective ward by
combining the four elements into a unity, which would be impervious to
anything made of the elements. 


The Law of Polarity [Independent; but related to Synthesis?]
------------------------------------------------------------
Anything can be split into 2 opposite parts; and these 2 opposites
contain the essence (potentiality) of the other. Bonewits makes
statements such as "the blackness of white", "the whiteness of black",
"as above so below" (pretty famous that one :-) etc. Other parallels
are the microcosm through the macrocosm, macrocosm through the
microcosm etc. The key phrase is: "Everything contains its opposite."

A magickal effect can divide itself into two complementary parts, which
remain in metaphysical contact after they have separated. A simple use
is to enchant an object, and break it apart. The two halves will affect
each other, and if one is changed the other will change too. This can
be used to increase the power of Correspondence (which after all deals
more in relationships than space). 


The Law of Balance [Related to Polarity and Synthesis]
------------------------------------------------------
To survive and become powerful you must keep all aspects of your
world/self etc. balanced. Dynamic balance. Extremes are bad. key phrase
is: "Strike a balance.". 

Something many mages forget. Technomancers, Marauders and Nephandi are
clearly unbalanced, and hurt themselves and others by their imbalance. 
But Tradition mages also often forget it. Some traditions place much
emphasis on balance, especially the Akashic Brotherhood, Dreamspeakers,
Order of Hermes and Celestial Chorus. But most of them seek only to 
balance the aspect of reality they find most important; the Akashic 
brothers seek to balance their minds, Order of Hermes the cosmic 
forces and Dreamspeakers the spiritual and material world.


The Law of Infinite Data [I'm not going to even try!]
-----------------------------------------------------
Impossible to know everything. There is an infinite amount of
knowledge/data. Key phrase is: "There's always something new."

The Virtual Adepts and Void Engineers want to abolish this law in their
Ascension/Singularity. 


The Law of Finite Senses [Related to Infinite Data and others]
--------------------------------------------------------------
Our senses are only capable of showing part of the total reality. There
is/could be a heap more out there. Goes hand-in-hand with infinite
data. Key phrase is: "We can't see everything."

In Mage this is an extremely useful law. There is always something out
there which could be brought forth to fit a coincidental magick effect.
Trying to see and understand everything around you will make reality
more stable and less amenable to coincidences. 


The Law of Infinite Universes [The above 2 and more...]
-------------------------------------------------------
There's an infinite number of ways to view the universe and by the Law
of Pragmatism [its coming, don't panic] an infinite number of
universes. Hindu and Buddhist perceptions of the universe. Everyone
lives in their own universe (e.g., blind, deaf etc. people live in a
different world). Key phrase is: "Infinite universes exist.". Bonewits
states that "The Incomplete Enchanter" series is based on the premise
of altering perceptions and hence realities. 

This is the basic premise of Mage. 


The Law of Pragmatism [a whole heap of inter-relations]
-------------------------------------------------------
If it works then do it/its right/true. Key-phrase is: "If it works -
its true." Combined with Law of Infinite Universe leads to the
statement "truth can be defined as a function of belief". Now we are
back on our Believing is Seeing discussion of last year... 

Rotes are a classic example of this. In many cases nobody knows why a
certain rote demands that the mage should throw maple-leaves to the
South or similar odd acts, but the rote works better that way. And
"truth is a function of belief" is another statement of the Metaphysics
of Magick. 


The Law of true Falsehoods [sub-law of Pragmatism, related to synthesis
etc]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
Contradictions, paradoxes. Techniques etc. that "shouldn't work", but
somehow do. key phrase is: "If its a paradox, its probably true."

There are loopholes and bugs in reality, giving mages (and sometimes
sleepers) the chance to "sneak through" and get away with things. There
are small holes in Technocratic Reality which clever inventors can use,
certain Traditions allow their mages to do things other mages wouldn't
be able to do (A Virtual Adept sees gamma-rays as electromagnetism,
hence a lesser force which can be created by Forces 3. A hermetic mage
regards it as a high force, which must be created by Forces 5). The
downside of this is of course that there are things which shouldn't
exist and yet do, like Paradox and Marauder magick. 


The Law of Personification [Major law]
--------------------------------------
Any phenomenon can be considered alive and to have a personality (be an
entity) and therefore (by pragmatism etc.) its true (and often quite
useful). Elementals, spirits of various phenomenon etc. Key phrase is:
"Anything can be a person." How do you like that for equality? 

The Law of Invocation and Evocation [Sub-law(s) of Personification]
-------------------------------------------------------------------
You can summon (conjure) entities from the "inside" or "outside" of any
"pattern" that you have set up. Hence (I interpret) we can summon
entities which are personifications of anything we desire/design etc.
Key phrase is: "Beings within, beings without."

These laws opens up fun possibilities. A mage may contact Forces,
Matter or other spheres in an personal way. Instead of throwing a brick
using magick, he asks the brick to jump at the target. Instead of
making the water of a stream divide, he asks its spirit to let him
across. A classic part of Dreamspeaker magick. 


Any comments?



-----------------------------------------------------------------------
Anders Sandberg			 	  	     Towards Ascension!
nv91-asa@hemul.nada.kth.se   http://www.nada.kth.se/~nv91-asa/main.html
GCS/M/S/O d++ -p+ c++++ !l u+ e++ m++ s+/+ n--- h+/* f+ g+ w++ t+ r+ !y




