From nv91-asa@nada.kth.se Wed Aug 23 13:33:12 1995
Date: Wed, 23 Aug 1995 13:33:10 +0200 (MET DST)
From: Anders Sandberg <nv91-asa@nada.kth.se>
To: wod-l <wod-l@netcom.com>
Subject: Luck Rotes
Message-ID: <Pine.SUN.3.91N2.950823133242.18419B-100000@hemul.nada.kth.se>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: TEXT/PLAIN; charset=US-ASCII
Status: O
X-Status: 

Luck Rotes

As any gambler knows, luck is semi-tangible. Certain objects and
people contain luck, while others have no luck or worse, bad
luck. If a dice has rolled high for a while, its luck will be
depleted and it will begin to roll low to compensate. Salt is
able to absorb both good luck and bad luck and neutralise them,
while black cats emit bad luck. Here are a few rotes developed by
the Players, a subtradition of the Cult of Ecstasy: 


Detect Luck (Entropy 1 Matter 1)

The mage can detect objects containing good or bad luck. These
could range from a four-leaf clover to a chair which happens to
give good luck. It also detects objects which have been affected
by strong luck, such as a deck of cards which has recently dealt
a royal flush or a marker which belonged to someone who was shot.
Most players look at the subtle signs of luck or misfortune, like
the patterns of smoke in the room, cracks in the floor or the way
the cards move. 


Concentrate Luck (Entropy 2 Prime 2)

The mage concentrates luck (or misfortune) into something. If
done well, the object will retain its luck for a while. This is
often done by surrounding the object with symbols for good luck,
like dices with sixes up, money and flowers. 

[The object will be favourably biased for the duration of the
rote. ]


Channel Luck (Entropy 3)

Some Players gather lucky objects and the channel their luck into
something else, like their cards or markers. In the same way they
can dissipate the luck in something, and make it normal again.
This is commonly done using complex gestures, where luck is
visualised as something which could be poured or gathered like
sand into objects. 


Significator (Entropy 2 Matter 3 Correspondence 2)

The mage identifies himself with a card, a playing piece or a
number on a slot machine, and thus gains control over it. He will
be able to feel what happens to it, where it is and control what
it will do. However, the reverse is also true, everything that
affects the significator affects the mage (if the card is bent
the mage will be hurt, if the gaming piece is moved from the
board the mage will soon have to leave, if the slot machine gets
a jackpot to a stranger the mage will loose all his money too).
Players usually create this link by randomly selecting the
significator, and then spend some time meditating on it, learning
its secrets and trying to identify with it. 


Sacrifice to Fortuna (Entropy 2 Spirit 2)

Fortune is by definition capricious, and all attempts to placate
the goddess of chance are of course quite useless. But some
gamblers are risking it anyway, hoping that the attention from
the powers of chance they gain will help them rather than destroy
them. The player sacrifices something expensive, preferably in a
random way (like throwing money from a rooftop into the street
below) surrounded by symbols for luck and chance (like dice,
cards, the Wheel of Fortune tarot card or lottery tickets) while
invoking the powers of chance into his life. 

[ If successful, chance will begin to affect the mage much more
strongly. Each time the mage is in a random situation, roll a
dice. If the result is below the number of successes of the rote,
the mage will either get that number of extra successes, or that
number of ones (toss a coin). The rote will also make the mage
get involved in more random events, both good and bad. ]



-----------------------------------------------------------------------
Anders Sandberg			 	  	     Towards Ascension!
nv91-asa@hemul.nada.kth.se   http://www.nada.kth.se/~nv91-asa/main.html
GCS/M/S/O d++ -p+ c++++ !l u+ e++ m++ s+/+ n--- h+/* f+ g+ w++ t+ r+ !y




