From nv91-asa@hemul.nada.kth.se Fri May 20 13:59:20 1994
Date: Fri, 20 May 1994 13:21:21 +0200 (MET DST)
From: Anders Sandberg <nv91-asa@hemul.nada.kth.se>
Subject: The Nameless Mage
To: mage-l@wizards.com
Message-ID: <Pine.3.87.9405201321.A2017-0100000@hemul.nada.kth.se>

Thanks for all your praise for the Goetic mages and the spheres of
CoE!  I'm currently finishing a lot of the small, weird files I
found in a subdirectory at home. Here is one rather strange mage: 


The Nameless Mage
-----------------

The Nameless Mage is a master of mind who lives inside the
Collective Unconscious. He has no longer any body, and exists
purely inside the minds of people. He moves from person to person,
or dives deep into the Collective Unconscious. Sometimes he
emerges to the surface, looking out through the eyes of people and
using their bodies to do something. But this is rare. 

The mage spend much time looking inside the minds of different
persons, examining their memories, personalities, feelings and
thoughts. He is quite interested in seeing the world through the
eyes of different people, feeling what they feel and thinking what
they think. He can spend several days studying an interesting
person. He is not very interested in helping anybody or
interfering with them, if he don't think he will gain anything
from the experience. 

When the mage is not studying people, he wanders the deeper layers
of the Unconscious. He has travelled around the world.  studying
and experimenting with It. He has found many strange beings who
live here. Some are archetypes, who are fuelled by the collective
belief in them. Others are small parasites, beings who live on the
scraps from the conscious worlds. There are strange realms inside
the Unconscious, some bordering to the chimerae, others to the
Deep Umbra. 

Exactly how the mage views his world is not very clear. He seems
to view everything as abstract phenomena, a web of relations. He
no longer sees reality as consisting of objects and events, but of
interconnections and symbols. When the mage sees a picture (or
memory) of a dog, he will see it as something that connects the
Dog (the archetypal dog) with an image. These are also nexuses of
interconnections. Each image is something that interconnect
different shapes and colours. Due to his studies of the human
mind, he often regard people as clusters of different parts. A
person is not a single entity, but a society of interconnecting
systems. 

The Mage have never had any problems with paradox inside the
collective unconscious, where the laws of reality are changing and
quite liberal. When he rises towards the conscious layers of mind,
reality gets more and more rigid, and he begins to feel
constrained.  Recently, he has noticed that it is harder for him
to reach the conscious plane. It may be that he has begun
accumulating paradox in the physical world, which slowly pushes
him deeper and deeper into the subconscious. 

But the mage has also noticed other problems. He has forgotten his
name. He have forgotten everything he did before entering the
Unconscious, and perhaps much after. He seems to have begun to
dissolve, loosing parts of his mind into the sea of humanity. He
regards this as very interesting. 

The Mage often behaves quite strangely. Much of the time he uses
Mind 1 liberally, turning himself into a cloud of coperating
subpersonalities and small, independent servant minds. He dislikes
negative emotions, so he has stopped becoming afraid, angry,
frustrated, bored or feel any pain. He has a perfect memory (when
he decides to). When he talks to anybody, he often tries to cohere
into a single person, but he tends to take several different views
at once, interrupt himself and start to pleasantly argue with his
different parts. Most normal people would regard him as quite mad,
and they might be right. 

When he communicates with people, he often sends messages from the
Deep Subconscious. These may manifest as dreams, hallucinations or
coincidences. If it is important, he may rise into the mind of the
person he want to talk to, and talk with him inside his head. He
seldom "talk" in the normal way. Instead he just dump whole
concepts, memories and ideas into the mind of another, and read
their minds to find the answer. Sometimes he may posses another
person, but this is hard work and irritating. This is the last
resort, when he have tried the other methods and failed. When
talking to different persons, he often split himself up, and move
into their heads in turn. He can be a quite confusing
conversationalist, especially since he regard each human mind as
many parts. He can begin to talk to someones superego or childhood
fears if he is not reminded in any way of the normal human
procedures for communication. 

The mage have several allies in the deep subconscious, beings who
live there. Some are archetypes or aspects of archetypes, like his
friends The Young Hero or The Grey Bureaucrat. Others are strange
beings who only exist inside the subconscious, like the nameless
being who feels like a diagram over an amoeba with a magnetic
field. Some of his allies may even be parts of himself, who have
become independent. These allies can be quite powerful, and could
influence people and reality to some extent. But most of the time
they are quite inactive. 

He does not have any body, and no longer remember how he looked.
Normally he doesn't look like anything, preferring to be an
abstract concept. When he talks to people he is felt as a strange
presence. If he would try to take a shape inside someones mind, he
would probably use what imagery he found and look somewhat like
the persons idea of himself. 


Essence:Questing
Nature:	Visionary
Demeanour:Loner

Str: 	-	Cha: ****	Per:	***
Dex: 	-	Man: ***	Int:	*****
Sta: 	-	App: -		Wit:	*****

Awareness: ***		Meditation:****	Cosmology:	****
Dodge:	***		Stealth:   ***	Culture:	***
Intuition:*****				Enigmas:	*****
Subterfuge:***				
Intimidation:*****

Spheres:
Corr:	****	Matter:			Prime:
Ent:		Mind:*****		Spirit:***
Forc:		Life:			Time:

Arete:		6
Willpower:	7

Allies: *****
Arcane:	*****	(He is impossible to trace using normal means)
Dream:	****** (sic! He has a deep connection to the Collective 
Unconscious, and may use Dream more often than normal mages.)
Avatar:	***
Influence: * (Through manipulations of the Collective Unconscious. 
However, he doesn't use such methods, since he doesn't care about 
the physical world.)



-----------------------------------------------------------------------
Anders Sandberg			 	  	     Towards Ascension!
nv91-asa@hemul.nada.kth.se
GCS/M/S/O d++ -p+ c++++ !l u+ e++ m++ s+/+ n--- h+/* f+ g+ w++ t+ r+ !y




