From nv91-asa@hemul.nada.kth.se Fri May 20 13:59:53 1994
Date: Wed, 18 May 1994 12:27:30 +0200 (MET DST)
From: Anders Sandberg <nv91-asa@zambesi.nada.kth.se>
Subject: The nature of Paradox
To: mage-l@wizards.com
Message-ID: <Pine.3.87.9405181230.A12302-0100000@zambesi.nada.kth.se>

I don't think its a good idea to decide what Pardox really
is. Leave it undefined and contradictory, and let the
players try to find out. As some of you migh remember, one
of my players believed it was "negative quintessence" and
tried to channel it with Prime. It worked, but not in the
way she thought, but she never realized it. So let your
players believe you have decided, and then surprise them! 

Some possible explanations: 

Paradox is anti-quintessence, and can possibly be handled
with Prime or a Paradox sphere. 

Paradox is bugs in the tapestry, parts where the lattice
of reality has dislocations. The reason it seems to oppose
Prime is because Prime seeks to weave smooth and perfect
patterns, while Paradox warps them. Add lots of Prime and
a paradox will smooth out. 

Paradox is an automated system of defence of reality
created by the Technocracy/Sleepers/Oracles/Illuminati/... 

Paradox is caused by a subconscious desire among mages to
be limited. 

Paradox is the immune system of Static reality. 

Paradox is the insane Truth behind reality, which would
drive mankind mad if they ever learned it (look at the
Nephandi and Marauders). When a mage warps reality, small
parts of Reality leak through, causing weirdness and
danger. 

Mages are really elaborate paranoid schizophreniacs who
support each other and develop mutual delusions (the
"Traditions"). They suffer from magical thinking (classic
psychotic symptome), delusions of power, hallucinations
and paranoia. To explain to others why their "magick"
didn't work, they invoke "paradox", hallucinations which
serve to protect them from the truth ("Its the Sleepers
fault!" is just projection). The Technocracy is just
paranoia. 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
Anders Sandberg			 	  	     Towards Ascension!
nv91-asa@hemul.nada.kth.se
GCS/M/S/O d++ -p+ c++++ !l u+ e++ m++ s+/+ n--- h+/* f+ g+ w++ t+ r+ !y




