Newsgroups: rec.games.frp.storyteller,alt.games.whitewolf
From: The Man in Black <mib@cyberspace.org>
Subject: COMPLETE: NWO Mission Profiles
X-Nntp-Posting-Host: global.soc.hawaii.edu
X-Xxmessage-Id: <ACBAF0B73101C833@global.soc.hawaii.edu>
X-Xxdate: Mon, 30 Oct 1995 13:14:31 GMT
Organization: New World Order
X-Newsreader: Nuntius Version 1.2
Date: Tue, 31 Oct 1995 07:16:40 GMT

The complete set of NWO missions (#1-#15 for now)

written by the Man in Black (mib@cyberspace.org)

Before you begin, I would like to request that anyone who uses this
material in their campaigns email me a short synopsis of what went down,
so I can update the info on my WWW page (my server is a UNIX joke right
now, but it'll be up soon, I swear :-).

I would also like to request the same for those of you who use the NWO
PERSONNEL FILES as well.

Good Hunting

*****     **********     **********          **********     **********   
 *****
*****     **********     **********          **********     **********   
 *****

NWO Mission Profile #1 :The Fortune Sanction:

Incoming Message from Sanction Control Office (SCOFF)...

From: M&M@yourboss.scoff.nwo.org

Your target is an adult Caucasian male, age 34, black hair, unknown eyes.
He is a serial killer and reality criminal. He sends notes to law
enforcement personnel one to two years before he strikes, in an act of
supreme arrogance, he has proceeded to elude capture for 14 known
successful kills and perhaps as many as twice that number in unknown
kills. He has no pattern as far as selection of his victims are
concerned, but 
seems to enjoy collecting eyes and ears with his teeth (see attached file
photos). 

The Master Analysis Program shows that the subject is responsible for
temporal disturbances in every single killing. There is a 78.735%
probability that he suffers a paradox effect that moves him to the site
of his murders through time. It is also suggested that he believes he is
"destined" to commit these crimes and has prior knowledge of all events
surrounding his crimes. (So he doesn't "really" want to kill, and he
knows you're coming!)

When you kill him, I want his eyes and ears, tell him this if you talk to
him...

This message will *NOT* self-destruct in five seconds.

M&M, now with the blue shells.


NWO Mission Profile #2 :Disciples of the Mask:

The Masker (NWO PERSONNEL FILE #13) is absent without leave from the
HUMINT Infiltration School. He was last seen two weeks ago visiting the
Redhamond Proving Grounds training agency. This facility trains beginning
technicians in the use of espionage technology. 

The Chaperone (NWO PERSONNEL FILE #1) reports that several of the
Masker's top students have been reported missing during the same time
period. 

Has the Masker gone rogue? Is someone killing his old students? Is it one
of his old students? An old enemy? The Masker himself? Did they all
defect with the Masker? Is the Masker working on a super secret mission?
Why didn't he tell the Chaperone, his most trusted student? Is she in on
it?

Masker is the finest disguise artist and infiltrator the world has ever
seen. Finding him when he does not want to be found would be next to
impossible, even with the resources of the NWO behind the PC's.
Contacting him through some of his old students would be a good lead, but
many of them don't know that they were trained by the Master of Disguise.
Complicating matters is the involvement of the Chaperone, who's mission
in life revolves around tailing people (like the PC's).

The PC's could be involved in a number of ways, they could be staff or
students at the Redhamond Proving Grounds, they could be assigned to the
case by their superiors, or they could be Tradition Mages helping the
Masker to defect. In any case, interaction with the Masker and all his
students coming to look for him should prove very interesting.

NWO Mission Profile #3 :Escape from M.E.C.H.A.:

A small party of tradition mages who have never met each other before
have been captured and placed into protective custody at M.E.C.H.A. While
suffering imprisonment, they all manage to find security loopholes and
combine their knowledge (during meals or break periods), to discover a
means of escape. They manage to free themselves from MECHA in record
time, easily. Much *too* easily.

Any intelligent PC will smell a set up, and begin to wonder about the
other PC's - and  any NPC's will definitely fall under suspicion. A good
twist is to have *all* the PC's be Technomancer spies from different
conventions/Bureaus (so they don't know that they are all plants) and
have the NPC's be the innocent dupes. Be sure to play up the sympathetic
qualities of the NPC's so your PC's fell like the heels that they are- 

for example:
"Oh here's my food, you'll need your strength for the breakout."
or:
 "Take my shoes-they'll help you run faster, and I'm no good in combat." 
or even:
"Hey guys, we can all hide at my chantry."

NWO Mission Profile #4 :No Compromise:

Someone has destroyed a NWO safehouse (a good choice is the Divesdero
safe house in the Technocracy: NWO). Evidence of an inside job abounds:
Corpses shot in the back, key files missing and altered, valuable
equipment stolen etc... High ranking officials in the sector are quite
concerned. Who is the traitor and why did they betray the NWO?

The files missing and altered all relate to a certain PROJECT: Windchime,
but no one seems to know exactly what that might be. Is this project
being shutdown, or just "reallocated" and why is the amalgam(PC group)
suddenly being followed everywhere they go? 

NWO Mission Profile #5 :Anthem of Despair:

The Virtual Adepts have seized a large list of contact data for NWO
Agents. Now personnel on this list are being killed off faster than
warnings can reach them. When the PC's track down the VA's responsible,
they discover that they too have been killed. 

The PC's names are on this list. Their lives are in jeopardy.

Can the PC's survive this murderous rampage while tracking down a
relentless killer of mages? A possible twist is to have the case solved
and the killer(s) put away for good, and have the killings begin all over
again. Another good twist is to have the whole thing be a NWO Purge, and
the PC's caught up in the middle of course.

NWO Mission Profile #6 :Storms of War:

A large shipment of tomes for the Order of Hermes is being delivered to a
chantry in the Caribbean, this shipment has been compromised by the NWO.
In order to remove a valuable resource from the OoH, the PC's have been
assigned to steal the entire collection. As they prepare to strike, a
powerful group of Nephandi attack and flee into the Deep Umbra with all
the tomes.

Surviving OoH members relate a tale of the Father of all Storms; a
self-perpetuating Force-6 hurricane that could remain stable - a
permanent storm. The Nephandi now have the knowledge to create such a
storm. The OoH also believes that the storm would create a powerful node
and gateway into a shard realm of Forces. 

Before too long, a series of hurricanes and tropical storms begin to hit
the east coast of the USA and the Carribbean. These storms rotate both
clockwise and counterclockwise, in an unnatural sequence. Are the
Nephandi trying to open a gate into the Qlippoth of Forces? If they are,
then someone must stop them while there's still time to do so .

NWO Mission Profile #7 :Perfect Genesis:

The Progenitors claim to have created the ultimate assassin, code-named
:The Sword of Order: and invite the PC's on down to the Rushington
Research Facility to have a looksee. When the PC's arrive, they find the
lab (secreted high up in the Appalachian mountains) to be deserted. As
they enter the main building they find wreckage and destruction, but the
only corpse in the entire place is lying in a ruined clone tank,
apparently the Sword Of Order - sans head.

Gibbering about the lab is a Dreamspeaker last seen in 1957, when he was
carted off by Nephandi into the deep umbra, muttering about unspeakable
horrors. He curls up into a fetal ball if attacked or approached in any
way.

Just when they least expect it, automated Biohazard alerts go off and
seal the entire Facility off into the Horizon complete with slamming
pressure doors and flashing lights. The PC's are trapped in a shattered
Progenitor facility with an insane mage and something else that has
killed the technocracy's ultimate assassin.

Technological malfunctions start to occur with frightening regularity;
the Air supply begins to run out, doors don't work properly, and of
course, the lights go out. The facility itself appears to have turned
against them. The PC's must root out the source of contamination and
eliminate it. All the while on short ammo and shorter health levels. 

This can be turned into a DOOM!-like scenario with PC's blasting away at
horrible Progenitor Bio-Zombies and other nasties, or it could be a more
"Alien" type scenario with the Construct becoming more and more Nephandi
with each passing moment, and *something* relentlessly hunting them down
one by one.

NWO Mission Profile #8 :A Strain on Loyalty:

Somehow, the PC's loyalties have come to be in question. Someone may have
marked them for an internal purge, or maybe they just screwed up one too
many missions, they also might actually *be* disloyal. In any case, the
Questioneer (NWO PERSONNEL FILE#9) has been called in to "ask them a few
things".

The Questioneer begins the interrogation in a normal fashion, but quickly
escalates into the bizarre mindgames that the NWO is so famous for. The
opportunity for flashbacks into previous adventures should definitely not
be overlooked. This adventure is also a exellent way for the characters
to gain Arete.

NWO Mission Profile #9 :Memory Fades:

Efficiency has recently taken a nose-dive in the characters' sector.
Mistakes are on the rise and they all relate to common forgetfulness and
the unlikely carelessness of NWO agents. Rumors of a covert cover-up
begins to spread in the sector. Things get a little weird when
surveillance teams remember to report that tradition mages in the area
are having problems with their memory as well.

In order to resolve this issue, the Cookie Cutter (NWO PERSONNEL FILE#13)
has been called in. Unfortunately, his learjet crashes in the wilderness
and his body is not recovered. A search & rescue operation mounted to go
get him disappears without a trace. Now the PC's are called in (someone
actually recalled their phone number!) to go and get the Cookie Cutter
(who's probably telling anti-tradition stories to werewolf cubs by now)
out of the Garou infested wilderness.

NOTE: It could be a new manifestation of Paradox (i.e. mindstorm) causing
the disturbance, or a rampaging Paradox spirit. Hmmm? What was I talking
about again?

NWO Mission Profile #10 :Bearers of the Flesh:

A circle of serial killers once met at an old abandoned summer camp, to
discuss "business." They were eliminated by Iteration-X after several
locals disappeared. 

That was ten years ago.

Yesterday, the NWO reported that a circle of serial killers is meeting at
an old lonely motel, to discuss "business." The case histories of this
new group is identical in M.O. to the previous bunch. Iteration-X has
decided that it's merely a coincidence and is going in with a squad of
Hit Marks to eliminate them, the NWO wants to find out just what the
connection really is before the killers are all exterminated again.

Meanwhile, guests at the motel are being killed off in a variety of ways,
and soon, the Killers themselves are turning up dead. It is into this
situation that the PC's find themselves in when assigned to :Bearers  of
the Flesh:.

NOTE: My sick friend suggests there be a hardware/sporting goods store
nearby so that the killers can go "shopping." EYUUUGH!

NWO Mission Profile #11 :Affairs of State:

A prominent politician is found murdered in bed with a local prostitute
(also dead). The Progenitors come forward and announce that the actual
politician has been missing for several months, and it was a clone that
was killed. They refuse to discuss the circumstances of the original
replacement, but are certain that the real politician is not responsible
for this killing.

NWO agents and the Progenitors: Damage Control Division must now work
together to unravel this mystery. Along the way they discover that the
politician has connections with Vampire elders, Tradition Mages, and
Garou kinfolk, any of whom might be responsible, and all are looking in
on the murder investigation. Local law enforcement is getting extremely
paranoid about this case and is understandably uncooperative.

NWO Mission Profile #12 :The Mind Game:

An Order of Hermes Magus-who just happens to be a Chess Grandmaster-is
willing to defect to the NWO. The NWO wants to keep him on the other side
for now, but needs to set up good channels of communication.

The PC's are assigned to attend an International Chess Federation
tournament in Munich, Germany. During the competition, the OoH defector
will turn over a encrypted codebook containing the contact cypher in the
form of chess games and openings (with fancy names like King's Gambit,
Sicilian Dragon, Four Knights Game etc...).  The tournament is heavily
infiltrated by OoH, NWO and Iteration-X (who's company- intel, is
sponsoring the event). 

Inevitably, the book is stolen and everyone must scramble to find the
thief and recover the codes before the codebook is decyphered. An few
interesting options: have the thief be a Ravnos Elder, or working for a
Sleeper Intelligence agency, or (to be cute) a mischievous Changeling.

NWO Mission Profile #13 :$yndicate Country:

Las Vegas, Nevada - city of the desert, drawing power and water from the
tallest hydroelectric dam in the world: the Hoover. A city of the night,
a city of Elvis impersonators and high pageantry. The city with the most
light bulbs, the longest lengths of neon, and more hookers than you can
count. A city of cold hard cash and soft spoken gamblers willing to risk
it all for just one more chance at the big time. 

A city dominated by organized crime.

The $yndicate Capital Capitol of the world.

Here one billion dollars ($1,000,000,000) in laundered money is being
prepared for delivery to the North American OverSector Regional
Headquarters (NAOS HQ) of the New World Order. There to be cleansed of
most Quintessence and transferred to the Federal Reserve Bank in Los
Angeles, California. The NWO has chosen the PC's to guard this shipment
until it reaches NAOS HQ along with the $yndicate enforcers who are
seeing it all the way to LaLaLand. 

Before the plane being used to transport the cash can exit Las Vegas
airspace and get enroute to NAOS HQ, the shipment is attacked in midair
by the $yndicate enforcers supposed to be protecting the cargo and a
squadron of strangely familiar black helicopter gunships. All attackers,
including the supposed $yndicate enforcers, dissipate into vapor when
killed - just like the Men in Black. When the attack is halted by brave
action from the PC's and the plane crashes in the desert near the
airport, the money is safe inside it's armored containers, but the
Quintessence is missing!

The $yndicate is not happy, and blames the PC's (and the NWO) for the
theft of the missing Quintessence. Now all the PC's have to do is dodge
$yndicate hitmen, find the true thief who set them up, and escape the
$yndicate Country with their lives.

NWO Mission Profile #14 :Dangerous Star:

The Void Engineers are launching a new communications satellite for the
NWO. Tradition Mage terrorists disrupt the launch causing the satellite
to enter a unstable orbit where a powerful Nephandi creature has merged
with the satellite and is guiding it down to a heavily populated area- a
major city near the PC's. 

Void Engine Fighters have scrambled and launched a devastating energy
weapon attack upon it, but to no avail. Iteration-X and NWO experts sadly
conclude that a sub-orbital nuclear detonation will be required to
destroy the satellite and save the city. However, this may be just what
the creature wants, and so NWO agents are now going to have to board the
Nephandi Star with the the chief project designer of the satellite and
his crack team of elite Void Engineer "Ghostbusters."

NWO Mission Profile #15 :Consequences of Truth:

A WWII Cache of microfilm and precious ingots of platinum and gold have
turned up in the chaotic battlefields of the Balkan states. The microfilm
contains evidence of mages (both Tradition and Technomancer) involved in
Nazi War Crimes - i.e. the death camp experiments of the Third Reich. The
ingots are engraved with Minoan Linear A and Linear B writings that
compose an Order of Hermes spell over fifty years in the making. 

The $yndicate has sent in the Russian Mafia to get the goods on these
mages so they can blackmail them. The Order of Hermes has sent one man,
Wolfgang Krause (a master of Forces who likes to challenge mages to
certamen and fight them in his golden suit of full platemail, all to the
accompaniment of his personal orchestra) to uncover evidence of Nephandi
within the Order of Hermes. The NWO has sent in (you guessed it...) the
PC's. 

Pulling the strings behind all this are the mages who are implicated on
the microfilm who are desperate to avoid being incriminated by the
evidence, and are sending agents of their own to make sure their crimes
are forever hidden from justice. And don't forget about the Mage who
inscribed the mysterious ingots.

*****     **********     **********          **********     **********   
 *****
*****     **********     **********          **********     **********   
 *****

The Man in Black is : Kenneth Scroggins
Novus Ordo Seclorum * Annuit Caeptus * E Pluribus Unum
http://intlrel.soc.hawaii.edu/NWO/NWO.html
"Damn URL May be above your security clearance!"
