INTRODUCTION TO THE CONTINUUM AND NEXUS
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

        This is just a note of explanation regarding the Continuum 
and Nexus documents included elsewhere on this page (hopefully!).
What is presented below amounts to the 'Author's notes' and includes 
some of the reasoning behind the Continuum, which will hopefully show 
the logic behind some of the ideas....

        The Continuum and Nexus basically represent a change of 
direction for Mage. Originally, it started out as a little homage to 
a rather obscure (but VERY Magey) early 80's British Sci-Fi series 
called 'Sapphire and Steel', starring Joanna Lumley and David 
MacCallum. The series itself is a bit heavy, but the stories are 
excellent and the ideas are quite unique. If you can get hold of some 
of the videos of these, then they are certainly worth watching! It 
revolves around two Agents who are despatched by an unknown extra-
dimensional organisation to deal with the invasion of very alien 
creatures who dwell 'beyond the Corridor of Time'. Indeed, one of the 
nasties they face bears an uncanny resemblance to a Nephandi Pure 
Form (found in the back of Mage)... 
        This got me thinking as to how I could incorporate them into 
Mage, and the result was the Continuum. Originally, this was designed
to replace the Cult of Ecstasy as the Tradition that specialised in 
Time (I felt that the CoX had very little connection with Time), but 
in the final draft I decided to keep the Cult as a Tradition and put 
the Continuum OUTSIDE the Traditions and the Technocracy. Thus they 
are neither a Tradition nor a Convention - they're just the 
Continuum. The role of the Continuum itself is to guard reality 
against invasion by the Darkness (ie. the Nephandi).

        The full supplement is taken up by two documents. The first 
document is a complete description of the Continuum itself (in the 
first half), and of its Paradigm (in the second half). The whole thing 
is described largely in terms of the Continuum's Paradigm, which 
means that it is advisable to read through the Paradigm Page first so 
the rest of the documents can be understood fully.
        
        The second document is a description of the Continuum's 
Chantry Realm - Nexus, the Shade Realm of Time. Unlike Doissetep (in 
the Shade Realm of Forces, described in the Book of Chantries), the 
connection between Nexus and the Continuum is very strong - so strong 
in fact that it is more like the relation between Iteration-X and 
Autochthonia. Nexus is definitely the home ground of the Continuum, 
and they operate at a distinct advantage there. Because of this, 
outsiders may gain Paradox in Nexus. While this may seen a little 
controversial, it is not too hard to believe when one considers that 
Tradition Magick probably suffers just as much (if not more) on 
Autochthonia, since it is so alien to the It-X paradigm - the 
situation is very similar.
        Nexus is also the link to the Virtuals, a new kind of plane 
in the cosmology of the Tellurian. These are essentially alternate 
worlds, in which history took a different route. Any and every 
possible world is represented somewhere in the Virtuals that Nexus 
can access.
        The first part of the Nexus document contains the rules for 
creating and using these Virtuals. The second part of the document 
describes Nexus itself, and also describes a few of the Virtuals (in 
the Nodes and Virtuals section). The third part briefly glosses over 
Central Office (the actual Chantry of the Continuum, located in 
Nexus) and the Continuum's policy regarding the Virtuals and its 
allies and enemies.

        It is important to note that the existence of the Virtuals 
may tip the balance in the Ascension War, since they contain a vast 
amount of Quintessence. I have endeavoured to make the reasoning 
behind the Virtuals follow that described in the Mage game (ie. make 
it continuous and 'realistic' in Mage terms). For this reason, the 
Continuum zealously guards the Virtuals, allowing only those 
individuals from the Traditions that it trusts implicitly into Nexus 
(ie. actively 'employs'), and remains outside the Ascension War. 
Should any of the Traditions or the Technocracy break through and 
plunder the Virtuals, they will have a vast amount of Quintessence 
and resources at their fingertips - certainly enough to win the 
Ascension War!


AN ALTERNATIVE CHRONICLE: THE CONTINUUM vs. THE TECHNOCRACY
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
        The rules presented herein are designed to fit in with the 
normal Mage background, without changing the slant of the game. One 
can either have adventures on Earth, or one can roam through the 
Virtuals, but neither should have a significant effect on the other. 
The Virtuals should remain largely separate from the rest of reality, 
outside the Ascension War.        
        While these rules are designed to be used alongside the 
existing Mage background, it is also possible to change the whole 
slant of the Mage game using them. One obvious alternative is to have 
the Ascension War fought almost exclusively in Nexus and the Virtuals. 
This would take the form of the Technocracy (who seek to control and 
solidify reality in the Virtuals) against the Continuum and the 
Traditions (who seek to prevent this and let each Virtual evolve on 
its own to its own destiny). In effect, the arena of the Ascension 
War is now infinitely larger - not only does it take place on the 
Earth we know, but it also rages across all the other possible 
Earths! However, I have not included specific details of how to 
manage this, as I feel that it is too great a change to the 
background. However, individual Storytellers may wish to do so, and 
the rules provided here can give a necessary starting point from 
which to do this.


VIRTUALS AND ROTES
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
        Two things are noticeable by their absence - full 
descriptions of the Virtuals and their Inhabitants, and the Rotes 
that the Continuum uses. 
        I have not described the Virtuals in any detail because I 
feel these should be up to the individual Storyteller to design. I 
have put in a few ideas (listed below), but basically the Virtuals 
should be personalised to how each Storyteller envisions the 
alternate Earths. And besides, there are far too many possibilities 
out there...
    
        The Virtuals mentioned are:

Aegypt      -     An Egyptian civilisation survives to the present 
                  day.
Sauron      -     A Dinosaur civilisation flourishes, humans do not 
                  exist. 
Lucifer     -     Life never formed on Earth.
Neverland   -     All higher lifeforms mysteriously disappeared from 
                  Earth two years ago...
Lemuria     -     The Dreamspeakers won the Ascension War (primitive 
                  societies).
Terra Prime -     The Technocracy won the Ascension War (very high 
                  technology). 
Reich       -     The Nazis won the Second World War.
Armageddon  -     The Cuban missile crisis erupted into nuclear war.


    It should be noted that if there was a general theme to the 
Continuum, it should be that of Mystery. The Virtuals that the 
Continuum explores are not the inhabited ones (like Reich or Aegypt) 
but are rather the ones that are left myseteriously untouched by 
sentient life (eg. Lucifer and Neverland). I think that designing 
Virtuals along these lines would do the Continuum the most justice.

        As for Rotes, there aren't any her primarily because I 
haven't gotten around to thinking about those yet! When I do get 
round to thinking some up (that are uniquely Continuum-oriented) I'll 
try and get them published - I'll try and them written up soon! 
Hopefully, the Continuum should be usable as it stands using 
existing Rotes and Talismans. Remember that they're Technocratic 
Mages though, that require devices for their effects! (see 'foci' in 
the Continuum Description).

        However, one important thing to note about the Virtuals is 
that because of their unusual (Time-like) nature they can be entered 
using either Spirit 3 (stepping sideways) or using Time 3 (as a 
direct equivalent to Spirit). I should have mentioned this in the 
rules, but I forgot!


BIBLIOGRAPHY
~~~~~~~~~~~~
        That's it then. I hope that you enjoy these new rules, and 
hope even more that you find them useful :-)! I've left a lot of the 
specific details about background delieberately open-ended, so that 
Storytellers can decide for themselves what to include in the 
Virtuals.

        Some inspiration is always a good thing, and there's plenty 
of it out there! Here's a brief list of things that may prove useful!

BOOKS:  'Furious Gulf' by Gregory Benford  - an excellent hard sci-fi
book in its own right, this is the third book of the Galactic Centre 
Tetralogy. It describes a inhabited region inside a huge black hole, 
and an area of altered Space-Time inside it known as the Lanes. The 
idea of TimeStone (and a few other things...) was adapted from this 
book - it gives the right kind of feel to how Nexus should be.

        'GURPS Time Travel' by Steve Jackson Games  - the definitive 
book on how to handle time travel in roleplaying games, though I 
wouldn't advise using it as a reference for handling the Virtuals! 
However, there is a section set aside to Alternate Universes which 
gives lots of ideas for the Virtuals. Generally an excellent book.

        'TORG' by West End Games  - Now this is a real gem. The world
books for this make excellent Virtuals! I'm sure I'd love the game 
itself, if only I could get used to those blinkin' cards!!! :-)


TV SERIES: There's loads of Time Travel Series flying about (Quantum 
Leap, Time Tunnel, etc) but only a few are going to provide much 
inspiration for Nexus and the Virtuals...

        'Sapphire And Steel' - Obscure but very under-rated early 
80's British Sci-Fi series that provides much of the inspiration for 
the Continuum. If you want to get the right kind of atmosphere for 
stories involving the Continuum (as well as some nice ideas for 
Nephandi!), try and get hold of this! I know its available on ITC 
Video in the UK, but I'm not sure if its easily available elsewhere.

        'Sliders' - I don't know much about this brand new Sci-Fi 
series (which I believe has just started in the US), but it sounds 
very similar to the ideas presented here!! It involves a group of 
people who 'slide' between alternate timelines. Apparently its very 
good, but I haven't had a chance to see it yet. I'd imagine (from the 
description) that it'll be a good source of ideas for Virtuals.

        
        There's probably more (undoubtedly the odd episode of the 
Star Trek series ('Yesterday's Enterprise', for example) springs to 
mind, but they're a bit too futuristic to be much use!), but I can't 
think of any! 
        Oh, and you should all watch the 'X-Files', cos that's a 
really good series as well (but its got nothing to do with the 
Continuum...!!!) 8)



ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
        Finally, but by no means leastly, I must thank those 
responsible for helping me to get this all published! Certainly, 
without the contributions of DJ (Shelby) Babb and Anders Sandberg, 
this monster would never have gotten off the ground. Many of the 
ideas in here came from these two guys, and I really appreciate the 
patience and time that DJ and Anders put into helping me, and for 
putting up with all my emails! And of course, I am indebted to Anders 
for putting this on his Mage Page - its an honour to be here! Thanks 
a lot guys!!!!!!


        That's it from the preface - enjoy the Continuum and 
Nexus!!!! If anyone's got any questions, comments, ideas, etc, then I 
can be contacted at:

                        c.thomas1@lancaster.ac.uk

Thanks for reading this, and enjoy the show!!!!!
        TTFN,
            Constantine Thomas

