From nv91-asa@black16.nada.kth.se Tue Oct 11 13:38:24 1994
Date: Tue, 11 Oct 1994 13:30:14 +0100 (MET)
From: Anders Sandberg <nv91-asa@black16.nada.kth.se>
Subject: The Prodigies
To: mage-l <mage-l@wizards.com>
Message-ID: <Pine.3.87.9410111314.B23269-0100000@black16.nada.kth.se>

The Prodigies

The Progenitors stated goal is to perfect mankind, both physically
and mentally. While the superiors are attempts to create physical
perfection, the prodigies are attempt at perfecting the human
mind. 

Early progenitor experiments focused on drugs which increased the
mental abilities of their users. Although they had some serious
drawbacks, they led to the nootropic drugs of today. Their next
approach was genetic: first through selective breeding of
intelligent people and later through direct genetic manipulation.
The prodigies are the result of a combination of genetic
engineering and the use of careful hormonal control during
infancy. 

Prodigies are usually cloned from genetically altered cells,
usually from highly talented people. During their incubation in
the clone tanks the Progenitors give them measured doses of
morphogens, designed to expand the potential of their brains by
increasing the neural connectivity and growth. Early experiments
had very enlarged heads to house immense brains, but their extra
neural capacity was offset by the increased strain on their bodies
which usually led to very short life spans. Today the researchers
have opted for a more conservative design, and just increased the
brain volume with a few percent. Instead they have concentrated on
maximising the interconnectivity of the neurones and their speed. 

Prodigies are geniuses from birth. Their education starts already
in the clone tank, and continues for several years. It is common
to simply link up their brains to computers which feed them with
relevant information around the clock. When the prodigies are less
than two years old they have reached mental maturity and usually
surpassed most unaugumented humans in intelligence. This leads to
several problems. The prodigies have a tendency to go insane in
various ways. Most common are psychoses, especially paranoid
schizophrenia, but many succumb to catatonia or develop complex
personality disorders. To avoid this the Progenitors handle them
with great care, placing them in calming environments and
constantly monitoring their mental activity. Another way of making
them more stable is to make them retarded in most areas except
their specialisation, turning them into Idiot Savants. Although
this makes them less flexible, they become much more predictable. 

Another problem is the fear that a prodigy could turn against
them.  This is usually solved by placing biological failsafes in
their bodies, making it possible to terminate them if they should
start to malfunction. Despite that, many progenitors are worried
that their creations could outsmart them. Therefore they do their
best to condition the prodigies to not only be loyal, but to
actually love their "parents". Many live in happy families in the
countryside together with their beloved (surrogate) parents. From
time to time the nice people from the city come and test them or
ask them for advice. Many prodigies soon understand the real
situation, but that doesnpt mean they loose faith in their
friends. 

The mental capacity of a full prodigy is amazing. Most are
extremely fast learners and can handle enormous amounts of
information without forgetting anything. Their mental processes
are lightening-fast, often both highly intuitive and strictly
logical at the same time (the Progenitors pride themselves in
being able to resolve contradictions machines cannot solve). Many
prodigies function as living computers for the convention, solving
advanced problems in their heads or pointing out relevant
information gathered from their computers. Others act as advisors
and assistants to the technocrats. A few are placed in mundane
society, often in academic circles to act as scientific geniuses
used to disseminate new ideas. 

One problem with prodigies is the possibility of Awakening. Due to
their extreme mental capacity, they would make excellent mages,
but there are many problems. Many prodigies simply lack Avatars,
probably due to their cloned nature. Another problem is that most
prodigies quickly become autistic when they Awaken, apparently
turning inwards with their new powers into inescapable Quiet. 
Some prodigies awaken spontaneously, usually under great stress,
with unpredictable consequences. 

The Progenitors regard the prodigies as a great success, and
relish on not having to be dependent on computers from Iteration X
to do their work. However, the two conventions have working
together in developing a artificial intelligences consisting of
prodigy brains combined with the latest computers. Another current
project is to disseminate prodigy genes among the sleepers,
usually through sperm banks or by infecting foetuses with certain
viruses. Another current experiment is to combine prodigies with
superiors, to create a true master race. So far they have not
succeeded, but recent breakthroughs in mental stabilisation have
been hopeful. 


A Typical Prodigy: Gilbert Priestly

Gilbert lives on an isolated farm somewhere together with his two
parents (two progenitor psychologists) and his little sister Anne.
He is a young boy, apparently around five but somehow looking much
older at the same time. He always wears a baseball cap, which
hides the scars on his head from the computer link he was
connected to until he was decanted. He is fairly frail and doesn't
like to go too far from the house, where he spends much time
reading information in the progenitor databases. He is honest to
the point of absurdity, absolutely never lying and always becoming
very upset when other people lie to him. His main interests are
psychology, programming and linguistics, which he seeks to
formalise into a science of intelligent processes on his spare
time. 

During the weeks he and his sister spend most of their time
studying and working on their assignments (Gilbert develops
information-gathering systems for the Progenitors and New World
Order). Their work is interrupted at regular intervals by
obligatory physical training, which both children loathe but their
parents think is absolutely necessary for their health. The same
goes for the healthy food they are given (Which contains a
compound both children are dependent on; if they don't get it for
over 48 hours, they will die). 

Gilbert is fairly alone. He loves his parents, but they are so
stupid and doesn't understand much of his ideas. His sister is
obsessed with her proteins, and only want to talk about them. From
time to time progenitor scientists visit, and although they often
have interesting problems for him to solve, they are not that
sociable. His best friend is his dog, a genetically altered
Doberman (which in reality is his bodyguard) which he calls
Octavius. Another way to pass the time is to write novels. So far
he has written several huge, baroque creations with far too many
levels of meaning and symbolism to be readable. 

Essence: Primordial 
Nature: Visionary 
Demeanour: Conformist

Str:	*	Cha:	*	Per (intuitive):*****
Dex:	*	Man:	*	Int (brilliant):*****
Sta:	*	App:	***	Wit (lightening-fast):*****

Alertness:***	Research (academic):***** Computer (programming):*****
Expression:**	Technology:***		Culture:***
Subterfuge:****				Enigmas (verbal):*****
					Investigation:***
					Linguistics:*****
					Medicine (neurology):****
					Occult:***
					Science:*****

Willpower:	10

Allies (parents and Octavius):	***
Library:			***
Dream (inspiration):		****

Gilbert has mental abilities corresponding to Mind 1 (including 2
dices of countermagick against Mind). He is especially good at
controlling his own mental processes, effortlessly multitasking or
concentrating single-mindedly on one task. 


-----------------------------------------------------------------------
Anders Sandberg			 	  	     Towards Ascension!
nv91-asa@hemul.nada.kth.se   http://www.nada.kth.se/~nv91-asa/main.html
GCS/M/S/O d++ -p+ c++++ !l u+ e++ m++ s+/+ n--- h+/* f+ g+ w++ t+ r+ !y




