The Sands from the Realm of Dreams
	Many legends speak about the sands of dreams and many children in
the America's and Europe are told bedtime stories of the Sandman who puts
children to sleep with but a bit of sand.  That much raw collective belief
shapes reality and has transformed the sands from the Realm of Dreams into
one of the most potent Talisman a mage can gather.  Of course the mage
must physically go to the Realm of Dreams and physically gather the sands
in the Realm of Dreams.  No easy task, especially in light of the dangers
of the journey and the realms themselves...
	{Mechanics: The sand in question can be found only on a handful of
beaches in the Dream realms.  The effect if even a single grain touches
the face of the target is a conjunctive magick of Life and Mind which puts
the target instantly and completely into a deep slumber and transports the
mind of the target directly to the Dream realm.  What makes the sands
unique however is that even sleepers may use them on other sleepers.  To
be effective it requires only that either the sleeper using the sands or
the sleeper who is the target knows where the sand originated.
	An amount of the sand taken from the Dream realms is a rich source
of Quintessence to mages, but it is tainted with resonance's of the Dream
realms.  If a mage drains an amount of the sand for it's quintessence then
that mage gains a success towards slipping into Quiet.  Gaining additional
successes towards entering Quiet for every additional point of
quintessence drained after the first.  Marauders tend to have vials of
this sand whenever they need or want them and seem to be unaffected by the
Quiet drain the sand of quintessence engenders.}

Stephen
