From nv91-asa@somme.nada.kth.se Thu Aug 25 13:24:12 1994
Date: Thu, 25 Aug 1994 13:17:37 +0200 (MET DST)
From: Anders Sandberg <nv91-asa@somme.nada.kth.se>
Subject: The Society of Light
To: mage-l@wizards.com
Message-ID: <Pine.3.87.9408251337.A4650-0100000@somme.nada.kth.se>

The Society of Light

This group, founded during the Victorian era, represents one
of the most unusual groups among the technomancers. It was
founded by Sons of Ether and members of the Technocracy to
create a new era of enlightenment, where rational thought
and science would solve all problems. Its members were
influential scientists, engineers and politicians, and its
purpose was to spread these ideals in society. It wanted to
create technological priesthood, with strict moral and pure
intentions to guide the sleepers and advice the leaders. 

The Technocracy founded the initiative, and many Etherists
joined the project. However, as the industrial revolution
went on the support for the project waned from the
Technocracy which had begun to realise that it would be much
easier to control a technological priesthood without any
ceremonies and official recognition by simply making science
more inaccessible for the average sleepers. However, a small
core continued to support the society, despite the fact that
most members disbanded. The Society of Light remains today,
as a charming atavism in the eyes of the Technocracy. Most
members are sleeper scientists and engineers, who see it
more as a fraternal order (a kind of masonry for
technicians, as somebody described it) than a dedicated
organisation. 

The Society of Light is organised in a Masonic way, with
lodges or "temples of wisdom" near large universities or
other scientific centres. Most lodges are little more than
slightly exclusive men's clubs, where they can meet to
relax, discuss matters of professional interest and
generally socialise with like-minded people. However, some
of the old rituals are still retained. The members meet
ceremonially in the temple dressed in white togas, and
perform ceremonies and rituals dedicated to reason, science,
humanity and light. The temple rooms are generally draped in
pure white draperies, brightly illuminated. The lightbulb is
the symbol of all the society stands for: science and
technology used to illuminate and help people. 

The Society fills another important function. It is a
meeting place between the Technocracy and the Sons of Ether.
In the comfortable drawing-rooms, they can meet and discuss
how to best help mankind together over a drink. The relaxed
environment of technological masonry gives both sides a
feeling of their shared heritage and goal, and temporarily
makes them forget their differences. It also gives them a
chance to reminisce about the good old days, before
bureaucrats and fanatics turned the world insane. 




-----------------------------------------------------------------------
Anders Sandberg			 	  	     Towards Ascension!
nv91-asa@hemul.nada.kth.se   http://www.nada.kth.se/~nv91-asa/main.html
GCS/M/S/O d++ -p+ c++++ !l u+ e++ m++ s+/+ n--- h+/* f+ g+ w++ t+ r+ !y




