Date: Wed, 14 Sep 1994 02:14:02 -0400 (EDT)
From: chrys@cosmic.com (Chrys)
To: mage-l@wizards.com
Subject: Spheres, planets, and patterns
Message-ID: <m0qknbW-0009ZDC@whoa.cosmic.com>

I've noticed that, although the MtA book mentions that each sphere is
associated with a particular planet, it doesn't list which sphere is
associated with which planet.  Here's my theory, based on the clues in the
book:

Several hundred years ago, history tells us, it was believed that the earth
was the center of all things.  Around the earth was a huge crystal sphere
from which was suspended the Moon.  This sphere surrounded the entire
rotating Earth like a bubble, the sphere turning at its own lazy pace. 
Outside this sphere were others, one in turn for each slower moving planet
that could be seen, until the final sphere which held the fixed stars.  Each
crystal sphere turned with its own characteristic musical note; the sound of
them all together was "the harmony of the spheres."  Beyond all the spheres
was Heaven.

If there were nine crystal spheres, the one furthest out would be the one
closest to God.  The ninth sphere would be the sphere of Neptune.  As it
happens, Mage's symbol for Prime is a stylized version of the astrological
symbol for Neptune.  I'll come back to this...

Pages 168 to 170 of the MtA book describe the structure of reality.  They
explain that any physical manifestation begins first as Quintessence, which
is then filtered through a Pattern, which creates a form in the spirit
world, which in turn creates physicality.  This structure of four "levels"
- -- Prime, Pattern, Spirit, Earth -- is identical to the four levels or
"worlds" of modern, real world, Qabalistic magick.  Here's a brief
description of those worlds, excerpted from "The Tarot: A Key to the Wisdom
of the Ages" (Richmond, VA: Macoy Publishing, 1947), by Paul Foster Case, a
member of the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn:

- -------

The Archetypal World -- This is the world of pure ideas.  In the archetypal
plane are the root-notions inherent in the innermost nature of the universal
Conscious Energy.  From these ideas are derived all actual forms of
manifestation.  For example, the pure idea of a chair is the idea of
*sitting*.  In that idea, as in all others, is embodied a volition: the
will-to-sit.  This will-to-sit is the single root-notion behind all possible
chair-forms that ever have been, are now, or ever shall be.  Thus the
archetypal world is seen to be the plane of will-ideas....

The Creative [or Causal] World -- Here the ideas of the archetypal world are
specialized as particular patterns.  "Sitting" becomes the mental pattern
for some special kind of chair.  The Cosmic Energy acting on this plane
contains the patterns of all chairs that have been made or thought of in the
past, of all existing in the present -- but not those as yet unthought of. 
So [it is] with all other patterns of particular forms....

The Formative [or Astral] World -- Here the archetypal ideas, specialized in
creative patterns, are brought forth into actual expression.  It is the
plane of processes, the world of forces behind the veil of physical things. 
The formative world is... also the astral plane of occultism.  Here take
place the various kinds of action whereby the Cosmic Energy actualizes its
patterns....

The Material World -- This is the plane of the actual forms which affect our
physical senses.  Here the process of bringing down the idea of sitting,
through an operation based on the pattern of a particular chair, is finally
completed as the chair itself.

- -------

These description match those of Mage.

Now, in Qabalistic magick, ten spheres of influence (or "sephiroth") are
divided among these four worlds.  They are numbered down from the top (the
top being where the energy starts), such that spheres 1 through 3 are in the
archetypal world, spheres 4 through 6 are in the causal (creative) world, 7
through 9 are in the astral (formative) world, and sphere 10 is the physical
world.  The upper nine spheres together comprise the whole of what humanity
can know of the magickal and spiritual realms and forces.  To the Qabalist,
everything that is not of the mundane, material world can and must fit into
one or more of the upper nine spheres.

Is this starting to sound familiar?  (If not, check out the last sentence on
page 167 of the MtA book.)  The nine spheres of the three higher worlds are
the nine spheres of magick in Mage.

MtA p. 168 shows the positioning of some of the spheres in relation to the
four worlds.  Prime is in the archetypal.  Forces, Life and Matter are in
the causal.  Spirit is in the astral.  And, of course, Earth (not a sphere
of magick) is in the physical.

This leaves Time, Correspondence, Entropy, and Mind unaccounted for.  The
description of mind (p. 170) indicates that it exists without Pattern;
therefore, it must precede Pattern and be a part of the archetypal world. 
Entropy destroys Pattern, so it too must precede it.  Correspondence is
dependent on Pattern (as in the description of the inability to teleport
away a piece of a Pattern, like a person's nose), so it's in the astral. 
Which leaves Time which, by process of elimination, must also be astral. 
This gives us:

    Archetypal:  Prime, Entropy, Mind
    Causal:      Forces, Life, Matter
    Astral:      Correspondence, Time, Spirit

Okay.  Now, the Tree of Life is the glyph used by Qabalists to show the
structure of the four worlds.  Its ten spheres are arranged like this:

          1    Archetypal
         3 2 ____________
         5 4   Causal
          6  ____________
         8 7   Astral
          9  ____________
          10   Physical

with certain interconnecting lines usually drawn showing the paths that are
possible when travelling between spheres (all spheres do not interconnect,
and it is necessary to follow certain specific paths to get from one sphere
to another).

I promised I'd get back to the crystal spheres.  Each of the numbers on the
Tree of Life relates to many, many things, including the crystal spheres. 
Counting backwards from the bottom, Earth is 10, the Moon is 9, Mercury 8,
Venus 7, the Sun 6, Mars 5, Jupiter 4, Saturn 3, Uranus 2, and Neptune 1. 
There's Neptune again, right at the top of the Tree, right where one would
expect to find Prime.  So Neptune is surely the planet of Prime.

Climbing up the Tree, the closest sphere to the physical is #9, the Moon. 
It is the nearest portion of the astral plane.  It almost certainly equates
to the Umbra of Mage, while spheres #8 and #7 are probably the "astral
plane" that is only accessible with Mind 5.  As #9 is the Moon is the Umbra,
so the related sphere of magick is Spirit.

7 and 8 are Time and space (Correspondence).  Modern shamans and others
report that, in journeys away from physicality, time collapses well before
space.  Therefore, #8 would be Time and #7 Correspondence (space).  This
then makes Time relate to Mercury and Correspondence to Venus
(astrologically, this is also better than reversing those two planets in
relation to those two spheres).

The MtA book tells us that the most complex of Pattern magicks is that of
Life; the most complex (furthest from the Source) of causal spheres on the
Tree is #6, the Sun.  So the Sun relates to life, which is a nice match.

Then we have #5 Mars and #4 Jupiter, to relate to Forces and Matter.  Forces
match perfectly with the energies of Mars, so that gives us #5 Mars Forces
and #4 Jupiter Matter.  The Jupiter-Matter match isn't bad either.

Almost done.  Sphere #1 is Prime without a doubt, leaving Mind and Entropy
to match with spheres #2 Uranus and #3 Saturn.  I believe #3 Saturn goes
with Entropy and #2 Uranus with Mind for two reasons: astrologically, those
are good matches (Saturn usually points out weaknesses and Uranus is usually
related to creative thinking); and they match with the "pillars" of the Tree
(the left side spheres should all be similar to each other (Time, Forces,
Entropy), as should the right side spheres (Correspondence (space), Matter,
Mind), with the Middle Pillar as the path of balance (Prime, Life, Spirit)).

So, based on the information given in MtA and in the Qabala here's how I
think it looks:
                        1  Neptune  Prime 
                        2  Uranus   Mind
     1   Archetypal     3  Saturn   Entropy
    3 2 ___________     4  Jupiter  Matter
    5 4  Causal         5  Mars     Forces
     6  ___________     6  Sun      Life
    8 7  Astral         7  Venus    Correspondence
     9  ___________     8  Mercury  Time
     10  Physical       9  Moon     Spirit
                       10  Earth    physical manifestation

Above the top are the "Three Veils of Negative Existence" about which less
is known or described.  Some also say there's another Tree there, with our
#1 as its #10.

Each of our spheres is also associated with certain musical notes (as were
the crystal spheres), certain colors, and many other things.  I can post a
partial list if anyone would like it.  Otherwise, the interested reader can
check any one of the excellent books on the Qabala.  I highly recommend
Donald Michael Kraig's "Modern Magick: Eleven Lessons in the High Magickal
Arts" (St. Paul, MN: Llewellyn, 1992) as a point of departure.

Hope this was helpful!

Chrys Hearth
chrys@cosmic.com

Truth Until Paradox


