From: pfstrack@gibbs.oit.unc.edu (Paul Strack)
Newsgroups: alt.games.whitewolf
Subject: Magic Wards and other Rotes
Date: 25 Jul 1994 20:00:51 GMT
Organization: University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill
NNTP-Posting-Host: gibbs.oit.unc.edu

Here are some Rotes I wrote up this afternoon on a whim.  I'd appreciate 
hearing what people thought of them, especially the warding Rotes.

========================================================================

Laser Light (Entropy 3, Forces 2, optionally Forces 3 and Prime 2)

   This Rote enables the Mage to focus light energy into a laser beam.  
A strong light source is needed.  A torch, good flashlight, light bulb 
or sunlight will do; candle flames are too weak.  The Forces effect is 
used to intensify the light, and Entropy is used to polarize and focus 
it on the target.  If the optional requirements are used, no light 
source is needed, as the mage creates light out of raw Quintessence.

   [The laser does 1 wound per success to its target.  Higher levels of 
Force can be used to get a more intense beam, and higher levels of 
damage, as per the Forces chart, but this generally require the use of 
Prime 2 as well.  Because of the heat effects, half the damage caused by 
the laser count as aggravated to vampires and werewolves.  Because of 
the speed of the effect, it cannot be dodged.]

========================================================================

Irradiate (Forces 3, Prime 2)

   The Mage using Forces creates a burst of Gamma-Ray radiation.  This 
radiation is invisible to the naked eye, but may be detected by any mage 
with Forces 1, or a radiation detector.  The target will soon fall ill, 
and perhaps die.  Temporary or permanent blindness may also be caused.  

   [The mage does two wounds per success with this attack.  The wounds 
can be soaked normally.  The wounds inflicted do not take effect 
immediately; they appear at the rate of one per hour.  If at least 4 
wounds are inflicted (after soaking), the target is temporarily blinded.  
With 6 wounds, this blindness is permanent.  This level of damage will 
also cause permanent infertility.

   Note:  The wounds caused by this Rote are aggravated to Werewolves.  
When this rote is used on vampires, the damage is inflicted immediately, 
but is not aggravated.]

========================================================================

MagLev [Forces 3, Matter 3, Prime 2]

   This Rote can be used to create flying metallic objects.  Only metal 
that can hold a magnetic charge may be used.  The Matter sphere is used 
to charge the metal, while the Forces sphere is used to create and 
manipulate the magnetic energy needed to kept it aloft.  The floating 
metal will support other objects whose weight does not exceed its own.

   In the past, a "carpet" of ringed metal (which was easier to make and 
store that large sheets of metal) were used for flying devices, 
especially in the middle east, where metal was common.  The carpets were 
generally decorated with pad cloth for comfort.  This rote is also used 
to propel some of the more improbable flying devices created by the Sons 
of Ether

   [The number of successes determines how quickly the metal can be 
moved.  One successes give the speed of a slow walk, three successes 
that of a car, five that of a plane.].

========================================================================

Fools Gold [Matter 2, Prime 2]

   This ancient ritual allows the Mage to create precious metals out of 
nothing.  Because the magic is rarely powerful enough to be permanent, 
the mage usually rids himself of the metal quickly, and then leaves the 
area.  This commonness of this ancient magic lead to the practice of 
coining, mixing and marking precious metal, something difficult to 
duplicate without more advanced magic (Matter 4).

   With the advent of the Technocracy, this magic became rarer, and 
people are less suspicious of "raw" metal (though they are more likely 
to think it stolen).  The Syndicate rabidly hunts mages believed to use 
this effect.  Modern mages use a number of interesting coincidences to 
"find" the precious metal: from lucky mining, to finding many gold 
fillings on recently killed victims.

   [The number of successes is the duration of the metals existence, as 
given on the duration chart on p. 175.  It takes 5 successes to make the 
metal permanent.]

========================================================================

Lesser Ward (Prime 3, other Sphere 1)

   This common Rote is used to set up a barrier against a particular 
sphere's magic, either around an individual, or a place.  The specific 
sphere to be blocked is the other sphere required for the Rote.  Any 
effect involving the warded sphere is blocked.  A separate ward is need 
for each sphere.

   Mages generally only raise wards about themselves when they know they 
are going into a dangerous situation.  Wards are easily perceived by 
anyone with magical talent, and thus advertises the fact that someone is 
a mage.  That, and the fact that wards are invariably Vulgar, make Mages 
leary of using them indiscriminately.

   Wards around sanctums are more typical.  The most common wards are 
against Spirit, Prime and Correspondence (to prevent scrying).  Only the 
most powerful of wards are permanent.  Most mages settle for wards of a 
temporary duration, and renew them periodically.  A failed warding 
ritual can be dangerous.  The ritual cannot be attempted again for a 
least a day, leaving the sanctum temporarily without defense.

   [The number of successes determine the "strength" of the ward.  This 
strength is added to the difficulty number of any attempt to cast magic 
involving the warded sphere across the barrier.  Note that the ward is 
two way, and will prevent magic from leaving as well as entering.

   The number of successes also determine the duration of the Ward.  
Before the magic is cast, the mage must indicate the desired duration, 
off the effects chart on p. 175.  At least that many successes are 
required, otherwise the ward fails completely.  For example, if the mage 
wants the ward to last a day, three successes are needed.

   Wards are readily visible to the magically aware.  Any mage within 
sight of a ward need only make an Awareness roll with a difficulty of 3 
to notice it.  Wards on sanctums are usually cast just inside the walls, 
so that the physical building will block the ward from sight.

   Additionally, wards never protect themselves.  A ward can be attacked 
directly with Prime 2, Entropy 3, or the appropriate sphere at a level 
of 2.  Each successes permanently reduces the ward's strength by 1, 
until it is destroyed.  Many magely battles begin by stripping away the 
opponent's wards.

   Five successes are required to make a ward permanent.  Permanent 
wards are magical entities, and require a constant flow of Quintessence 
to maintain.  The Quintessence needed equals the ward's strength, per 
day.  Wards may be deliberately weakened, to reduce this Quintessence 
cost.  Permanent wards are rare unless a Node is backing them up.  On 
the positive side, undestroyed permanent wards slowly regenerate damage, 
recovering one strength per day.

   Most chantries will create permanent Prime, Spirit and Correspondence 
wards around the Chantry house and their Nodes, preserving them from 
magical detection.  If a Prime ward is cast around a Node, the "Node 
Bonus" that reduces the difficulty of magic rolls will not extend beyond 
that ward barrier.]

========================================================================

Greater Wards (Prime 3, other Sphere 3)

   Greater wards are a more advanced version of the lesser ward.  Rather 
than blocking sphere magic, greater wards block the substance of the 
sphere itself.  Thus, a Greater Matter Ward prevents objects from 
crossing it, acting like a force field.  A Greater Prime Ward would 
block items or creatures containing free Quintessence, such as mages or 
talismans.  A Greater Mind Ward will block any being with a mind.  
Greater Entropy Wards are used to block darker creatures or spirits, and 
is known to be sometimes effective against Nephandi.

   A Greater Spirit Ward can keep out (or keep in) disembodied spirits.  
A common practice is to summon a spirit, and trap it in place with a 
Spirit Ward.  In this way, the spirit may be cajoled or threatened 
without fear of it attacking its summoner or escaping.  The summoner 
should take care to make the ward strong enough, for powerful spirits 
can break through such wards with ease.  The mage must also be quick, 
for the ward cannot be set in place until after the spirit has arrived.

   [Greater wards are created and can be destroyed like lesser wards.  
Greater wards can only be crossed by creatures of will.  If a creature 
is prevent from crossing a ward, either by its nature, or by something 
it is carrying, they must make a Willpower roll, with a difficulty of 8.  
If they get a number of successes equal to the strength of the ward, 
they pass.  Otherwise they are blocked.

   If the Sphere level used in the Rote is increased to 4, the greater 
ward will actually damage things failing to cross it.  The creature or 
object takes one aggravated wound per level of strength in the ward, 
reduced by one for each success on the Willpower roll made to cross.  
This damage cannot be soaked (having, in effect, already been soaked by 
the Willpower roll).  A Son of Ether once set up a damaging Matter Ward 
on the entrance to his lab, so that anyone coming in would be stripped 
naked as their apparel was blasted out of existence.

   Permanent greater wards require double their strength in Quintessence 
per day to maintain.  If they inflict damage, they require triple their 
strength.]

========================================================================

Ward Keys (as Greater Ward, plus Mind 3 or a minor Talisman)

   Mages usually try to build "doors" through their wards, especially if 
they are permanent.  There are two common ways to go about doing this.  
The first is to create some sort of "key word" allowing passage.  Anyone 
speaking the word may cross automatically.  To create a key word, the 
Mage must add Mind 3 to all the other requirements for the ward, giving 
it the "intelligence" necessary to recognize the word.

   Mages without the requisite mind, or paranoid about the password 
being stolen, may create a minor talisman known as a ward key.  The ward 
key requires only 5 Quintessence, Prime 3, and a day to create.  The 
"key" can actually be any object, so long as it is properly enchanted.

   The key must be created prior to erecting the ward.  If the key is 
present when the ward is created, the ward can be "attuned" to the key, 
so that anyone carrying the key, or a duplicate of it, may cross freely.  
Duplicates of the original key may be created later, so long as a proper 
key is present to use as a template.  The same key can be used for 
several wards, reducing the number of talismans that need to be created.

========================================================================

Ward Sensing (as Greater Ward, plus Correspondence 2)

   When a greater ward is created, the mage may open a Correspondence 
link to it, so that he will always be aware if anyone attempts to cross 
it.  If the ward has a key, the mage will be able to tell the difference 
between a crossing with the key, and a crossing without it.  Optionally, 
the mage can connect the ward to a Level 2 Correspondence talisman 
created specifically for that purpose.  Anyone holding the talisman will 
be alerted to attempts to cross the ward.


From: pfstrack@gibbs.oit.unc.edu (Paul Strack)
Newsgroups: alt.games.whitewolf
Subject: Re: Magic Wards and other Rotes
Date: 26 Jul 1994 15:50:17 GMT
Organization: University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill
NNTP-Posting-Host: gibbs.oit.unc.edu

In article <312jcm$oki@golem.wcc.govt.nz>,  <quirke_a@ix.wcc.govt.nz> wrote:
>   As regards wards, might I suggest alarm rotes be included ?
>
>   An alarm rote woven into the ward will automatically warn the mage
>when the ward is attacked. Various levels of sophistication will allow
>for such warnings when the mage is on another plane, or allow the mage to
>assense who is doing it.

Actually, that was the origenal intent of Ward Sensing (bad name, I 
know).  How about the following:

Alarm Ward (Correspondence 2, Mind 1, Prime 2)

This very simple ward alerts the mage of any attempt to cross or tamper 
with the ward.  Any time a creature with a mind crosses the ward, the 
mage is alerted to this fact via Correspondence.

[The number of successes to the magic roll give the duration of the 
ward.  Unfortunately, the Ward may be easily noticed with Awareness.
A "subtle" Alarm Ward can be created using Mind 3.  This Alarm is 
difficult to detect.  Any Awareness roll to detect the ward must get at 
least as many successes as the mage did when casting the ward.]

>   I've got to get to work and translate "A Book of Strategems" into 
>Mage terms and rotes. Keep watching this space...

Sounds cool to me.  You can even publish it in "installments" if it's not 
finished yet.
--
Paul Strack <pfstrack@email.unc.edu>

So, this Zen Master walks up to a hot dog stand and says "Make me one 
with everything."
