From nv91-asa@nada.kth.se Tue Oct 17 13:49:53 1995
Date: Tue, 17 Oct 1995 13:49:52 +0100 (MET)
From: Anders Sandberg <nv91-asa@nada.kth.se>
To: wod-l <wod-l@netcom.com>
Subject: The Well of Blind Souls
Message-ID: <Pine.SUN.3.91N2x.951017134911.9546A-100000@dront.nada.kth.se>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: TEXT/PLAIN; charset=US-ASCII
Status: O
X-Status: 

The Well of Blind Souls

The Well of Blind Souls is one of the most frightening realms imaginable
to a mage. It is a kind of immense paradox dimension, final Quiet or hell
where those who strayed from the path of Ascension are held until they
succumb to Descension and Oblivion completely. It is the end of
Ascension. 

Physically the Well is just a infinitely deep (and high) well of black,
wet, nitrous stone with a narrow staircase without railing running around
it in a great spiral. It is maybe just a few meters across, but somehow
it seems to be immensely larger. And the abyss below seems to draw
everybody closer to the edge, enticing them to jump into its welcoming
embrace. Everything seems to be drawn towards the edge and oblivion, as
if gravity was slightly slanted. 

At irregular intervals small doorways appear in the stone, hardly more
than cracks in the walls. Each opening leads to a small paradox
dimension, containing a mage or other being trapped here.  Some are open,
other locked in various ways. In these realms no real time ever passes,
and the inhabitant can never die. The only way to get out is to return to
the path of Ascension or to give up completely - in which case the well
will claim the victim. Unlike normal paradox dimensions, which just seek
to enforce the laws of static reality and will release their prisoners
when they have learned their lesson, the well seems to be more a prison
and will not voluntarily release a victim unless he or she is able to
return to the path of Ascension - but the well will do its best to
prevent this using all available means. 

In one of the realms Giorgios Theophilus (the famous bacchant) is
tormented by his own actions. He had used Life to become truly dazzling
and eternally young, but finally Paradox caught him and he was ripped
into the well by a horrible backlash. The backlash cut out his tongue,
his hands, his feet, his genitals, his eyes and his ears and deposited
him within a tiny realm filled with mud and pigs. The pitiful remains of
Giorgios have to fight against the pigs to get the awful garbage that is
his only food. 

Another realm is an immense warzone, a huge industrial complex of rusting
and burned machines where robotic warriors fight each other in an eternal
war. There are mines, hidden gun turrets and surveillance cameras
everywhere, ready to bring fire and death to anybody moving carelessly.
But nobody can die here, and if a person is seriously maimed the
technological garbage in the vicinity will painfully crawl into him, and
replace the destroyed parts with makeshift bionics. A short while later
he will be ready for the fight again, now even deadlier. Even fragments
of flesh splattered by gunfire onto the walls are integrated into the
rusty networks of electronics and linked with infrared cameras. There is
no end to the carnage and pain here, just the will to survive a few
moments more. 

One realm is an immense mirror labyrinth where a verbena frantically
seeks the real reflection of herself. In another a hermetic mage is
locked into an endless game of chess as a game piece. There are also
stories about a failed Oracle imprisoned somewhere deep in the well,
trapped in a realm of such subtlety that it cannot be told from reality. 

The true nature of the well is conjectural, but it seems to be a
manifestation of the concept of Descension, the flight from the true path
to Ascension. Its probably normally located in the darker reaches of the
High Umbra, but it can manifest anywhere it chooses to claim a victim.
But even more importantly, it is able to draw mages towards itself when
they begin to loose their footing on the Path; at first subtle dreams
manipulate then, then strange coincidences enticing the mage to stray
from the path begins, then a growing obsession and finally the descent
into the well to seek out a realm. 




-----------------------------------------------------------------------
Anders Sandberg                                      Towards Ascension!
nv91-asa@nada.kth.se         http://www.nada.kth.se/~nv91-asa/main.html
GCS/M/S/O d++ -p+ c++++ !l u+ e++ m++ s+/+ n--- h+/* f+ g+ w++ t+ r+ !y




